With This Ring [S01E01 - S01E26]

Information
[Story Only and Latest Thread]
Second Half of 2010
Author: Mr. Zoat [SB / SV]
Compiled By: Twilight D. Dragon [SB / SV]
Content: 26 Episodes / 590 Snippets
Length: 754.363 Words
Status: Completed

Started On: 14/08/2013
Completed On: 07/04/2015
Rewrite: [01/01/2016 - 09/04/2016]
Compliled On: 25/01/2017

Table of Contents

01 & 02) Dependency Day
03) Welcome to Happy Hour
04) Prod Zone
05) Skived
06) Exfiltrator
07) Acceptance
08) Initiative
09) Clueless
10) Tracers
11) Exaltations
12) Home Font
13) Beta Male
14) Revolution
15) Inhumanity
16) Contingency
17) Reordered
18) Transparency
19) Displaced
20) Half-hearted
21) Mirage
22) Minutes
23) Insincerity
24) Preparation
25) Unusual Suspicions
26) Gude-Willie Waught

*Episode 01 & 02:* Dependency Day

5th July

My bed feels soft. Did I go to sleep on top of the duvet? Stars? Did I leave the blinds open? I try to turn to the clock, but there's just more stars? I wake up pretty much instantly at that point and OH SHIT THAT'S THE EARTH! I see the Earth and it's a long way away and I'm breathing? I bring my hands up to my face. No, no space suit. I see the Earth and I'm breathing and I'm not cold or hot and there's no space suit? I'm in space. What?

There's something glowing on my left hand. I don't wear rings but I now have one on my ring finger? It's orange. In fact, I'm orange. I'm glowing orange. I hold my hand up to my eyes and-

-AAAAaaaauuhhhh!?

That's an orange power ring. I'm being kept alive in space by an orange power ring. Well I... I suppose I've never felt suicidal, so that much makes sense. I poke my other arm. Yes, definitely flesh, I haven't been turned into a construct. I don't seem to feel the overwhelming avarice that comes from the orange central power battery, so I guess this is one of the other rings? One of the ones that Larfleeze keeps in his cave? Does he know it's gone?

Fucking stupid. It's Larfleeze. Of course he knows it's gone.

Alright. I'm calming down. As long as I want to remain alive, I will. I can probably fly by wanting to move. I want to move.

Did I move? I can't tell. I don't seem to have moved relative to the Earth, but the Earth is very big and I wasn't trying to move that far. I don't want to go anywhere in particular. I'm still wearing my pyjamas; I can't go out in public like this. Pyjamas?

I look down to check that I am still wearing pyjamas. Yep, with an added orange lantern corps emblem on the chest. Guess the ring just changes whatever I wear to something thematically appropriate? Shouldn't it have generated an actual uniform?

I'm going to assume that that Earth isn't my Earth. If power rings actually existed and this one had come for me it would have found me in my bed. Unless I was dreaming about flying in space? I don't remember doing that and I don't remember seeing a ring choose a sleeping wearer in the comics. Would that work?

Huh. If that actually is DC Earth down there then I'm going to be the most out of shape Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!

Something happened. Everything's blurry. I think I'm standing on something, but I don't pay attention because everything hurts too much! My arms. My chest. My abdomen, my teeth, my eyes! How do eyes even hurt? They're watering and I'm blinking and gasping and all I can see is a creamy white colour and more black. I hug my arms to my chest and bend over. Oh, aagh, it's not just the pain, everything feels the wrong shape. The pain is being caused by something I can't fix. I don't want to-.

And it stops. My body still sort of tingles, like I've just gone from somewhere warm into somewhere cold and the veins in my skin are trying to decide whether to contract or not. But the pain is gone. My body still feels wrong though. I need to see-.

A thin orange line extends straight in front of me from the ring. At about four meters it stops and spreads right, as if someone was pouring liquid into a mould, only the mould is filling from the top left rather than the bottom. My first construct is a mirror. Sort of. Obviously it isn't reflecting anything, its making an image of what it would reflect. It actually has a construct frame with a bevelled edge and is about three meters by two in size.

Whow. I'm looking good.

I've never been properly fat or anything, but I've never really taken to physical exercise and, well, no sense lying about it, I have been carrying a little weight about the stomach. Not any more. My arms are now about twice their earlier width. My shoulders are broader. My chest -I roll up my pyjama top- goodness, I have abs! I've never had abs! I run a hand over them. Huh, those don't feel like I was expecting. My chest hair is gone -wait, check- along with most of my other body hair. That feels weird. Feels kind of sticky. My face -the mirror shrinks and moves closer- is pretty much the same. My nose is a little straighter and if I can see this clearly my short sightedness has been fixed. No visible hair on my chin. Skin clarity appears to have improved. The hair on the top of my head is shorter. Looks like something Hugh Grant had in his prime, but longer at the back. Not sure how it's staying where it is. It should be flopping all over the place. Teeth are improved as well. Evenly sized, shaped and in good condition. I think I also look younger? Maybe, it's hard to tell when the image is orange.

I wave my hand and the construct dissipates. And that's when I realise that I'm STANDING ON THE MOON. Grey dust and rock all around and the Earth is visible in the sky. It's too much. I'm in a place only a handful of humans have ever been and my response is to drop to the ground, staring at the sky.

I'm sitting on the moon watching the Earth. I think the ring just rebuilt my body based on how I ideally want to look. Which really hurt. It must have been transmuting new muscle from existing fat. Or maybe even just making more meat from orange power? Should I feel bad about that? Doesn't everyone want to look a bit better than they do?

Shit. This isn't a dream. I never feel pain in dreams. And not enough is going on. I'm actually here and I have to deal with it.

Plan. Plan plan plan plan. Okay, first. Check that this isn't my Earth. I need to go home to do that. If there's another me here it's going to be weird, but I'm a fairly reasonable guy. DC comics don't really show much outside the US so I don't know if the places I've lived in will actually be there if I've somehow entered a comic reality. I can't plan anything else until I know where I am.

Now, how do I get there?

I stand back up. I go to brush off my legs because the dirt has coated everything it touched. Then I remember I'm wearing a power ring and I like being clean. A ring of orange passes over my body and the dust falls slowly away. As the ring reaches my feet I float a little off the ground. No sense getting dirty again just after cleaning myself. Now that's done, how to get to Earth? I have to want it to happen but I'm mostly just feeling apprehension about what I'll find when I get there.

Anal retentiveness to the rescue!

It's late at night and I have to be up for work tomorrow. I need to get to sleep and the best place for that is in bed! On Earth! If I don't then my schedule will be completely messed up. It's working! My need for regularity is controlling the flight!

Now to find somewhere familiar and see if it exists.

Finding Eastbourne isn't that hard. Dropping down from the outer atmosphere I just follow the lights and the railway. It's always a bit further east than I think it is. I float down onto the station, hovering above the central track. At this time of night there's no one around so I take a good look. The building is locked up. That's normal, but then I notice that the fence between platform 3 and the car park is in the wrong style. Rather than having thick wavy uprights and a couple of crosspieces covered in chipped paint it's got thick posts with wire going across. The top actually has an overhang like they use at zoos to stop the animals climbing out, and there's actually a roll of razor wire. Who did they think was going to break in to Eastbourne fucking station? The display boards are wrong as well; they're actually LCD screens rather than the dot displays that are supposed to be there. It's stupid stuff, but when you're used to a place being a particular way it really hits you.

In a daze I float upwards. An orange night vision magnifier appears in front of my face and I can follow the route of the track. Hampden Park is still there. Polgate too, though it looks like they never moved the station so it's still at the end of the town rather than in the middle. Westham -the village where I grew up- doesn't exist. Looks like there's a proper station in Pevensey instead. Westham doesn't exist. Shit, I don't even....

Okay, okay, nothing I can do about it. It hasn't been destroyed, it was never there. The visor evaporates. My parents are probably fine. Next step. Next step.

Alright. I've still got no idea if I'm actually in a version of the DCU, but this definitely isn't my Earth.

I have an orange power ring, transmuted orange lantern corps pyjamas and I look like a bodybuilder. The ring-

"Ring. State remaining power."

"93% power remaining."

Woo. Did that speak out loud, or just in my head? Sounds weird. A power ring at 93% power and no way to charge it. That is a problem.

"Ring. Locate lantern."

"Specify."

"Locate the lantern this ring is paired with."

"This ring is paired with the Orange Central Power Battery. The Orange Central Power Battery is on Okaara."

Not picking that up then. Um, okay. As long as the ring is charged I don't need clothes. I probably don't need to eat either, now I think about it. Didn't Guy Gardner say something about that when he was on Superboy Prime guard duty? No, I shouldn't assume-ugh!

Come on! I spent more time reading comics than I did on my bloody degree coursework! Breathe. Woosaaah. What do I need? Money, and a power source for the ring. Probably in that order. If I'm not actually in the DCU money is far more important. If I am, it's a toss up. That place is dangerous. For goodness sake, an Imperiax probe destroys the capital of Kansas and a couple of months later it's business as usual. I need this ring.

"Ring. Scan planet for compatible power sources."

"None found."

Shiiiiiit. Wait, no lanterns at all?

"Ring. Scan planet for power lanterns, any colour."

"Will detected."

"How many?"

"Three."

That probably means Hal Jordan, Guy Gardner and John Stewart. And I hope I didn't just tell them where I am. Shit, I hope I didn't just tell Lafleeze where I am! No, no, can't do anything about it now. I doubt they'd just give me a lantern so what - Alan Scott! Alan Scott's Starheart lantern shouldn't register as a standard lantern because it was designed as a containment vessel. If this is Justice League Unlimited or something it might even still be in China.

"Ring. Detect Guardian made containment vessels on Earth."

"Seventy-five found."

What?

"Ring, detect guardian containment vessels containing energy."

"Twelve found."

"Any in China?"

"China unknown."

This world has no China? That doesn't sound right.

"Ring, locate Eastbourne."

"Eastbourne unknown."

"You don't have a local atlas, do you?"

"No Earth locations listed."

Unfashionable end of the western spiral... Can't make a grab on the Starheart because I can't find it. If it even exists here. Can't think of any other easily reachable power sources. I could ask the Justice League nicely if they could put me in touch with Maltus or something. No, the Guardians would put the kibosh on that as soon as they heard about it. So, can't get a power source quickly. Money first then.

"Ring. How good are you at asteroid mining?"

"Construct strength is dependant upon avarice."

"Can we, assuming I want it badly enough, mine asteroids in this system and get back to Earth... um... with at least 60% power remaining."

"Answer depends on type and volume of material extracted and precise avarice levels."

Fair enough.

"Platinum and gold only. About this much."

I make a football-holding shape with my hands.

"And I want it as much as, uh, somewhere between my-life-depends-on-this and I've-been-looking-forward-to-this-all-week."

"Multiple variables decrease accuracy. Best estimate suggests high probability chance of success."

"Plot course to the asteroid in this system which offers the greatest quantity of the metals stated."

And I know where the asteroid is. It's... I don't know... what gravity would be if mass were money. Or something. There's no navigational display but I don't need it. I can find it like I can find the toilette at home at night without turning the lights on.

I might actually be able to make this work.

The ring did all the hard work while I just grinned at the pile of thin disks floating next to me. Smashing a fairly large asteroid up, grinding it, sort of sieving it with a construct that pulled out what I wanted but left the rest of the lump behind and then shaping the metal into coins. The process was slow at first, but picked up speed after the first few disks were finished. I suppose I find it easier to want things I know I can get. It's too dark to see much of the rock, and the constructs are blinding compared with everything else so I have to look away. But I just mined an asteroid! The first human commercial asteroid miner!

I actually did five large rocks and a load of small ones before I registered that the pile was far more than I needed or could carry by myself. It's just so far outside anything I've done before! And kind of fun! I've just made more money in... I'm not sure, not much time... than I've made in my whole life. I think I'm actually giggling, but with no air I can't hear myself to be sure.

The disks, coins, are floating around me. They're about three centimetres across and maybe a third of a centimetre thick. I know that platinum is silver and gold a dull yellow but with the ring as the only light source they all look orange at the moment. And -huh- looks like I stamped them with the orange lantern corps sigil on one side and a representation of a lantern on the other. Not sure I meant to do that, but it sort of feels... right.

I should head back to Earth. I can just take some walking around money and leave the rest here.

I'm actually a bit reluctant to do that. Intellectually, I realise that the chance of anyone coming here to take any of my work is miniscule. But I always worry about whether or not I locked the door after I get to the end of my path back home. It could happen, right? I mean, they might just think the coins were odd and take a couple for some sort of analysis, but I put effort into this. These are my coins.

I'm being silly. Where would I even put them? Just grab some small rocks, fuse them together around most of the shiny coins. No one will know they're there. I'm still going to have to carry the rest with a construct. My pyjama pockets just weren't built for this.

I'm floating over the Earth. I think that I'm in the upper atmosphere. I'm certainly close enough that the lights below form distinct huddles. I'm actually not completely sure what is beneath me. Picking out coastlines covered by clouds and in the dark is not simple.

So; money, sort of check. Power source, not check but I have some leads. Information, not check. I could try eavesdropping on local telecoms but I don't want to risk being found yet. Also, what are the chances that a random call has useful information? Clothes, not check. I think that has to be my next objective. Unless I plan to convert to Sikhism I need underwear. I need something I wouldn't mind fighting in and something I can wear when I'm not trying to draw attention.

Fighting. I haven't been in an actual fight ever. I haven't even been in a play fight since primary school. I suppose punch ups come with the ring but I've no idea what I'd do if someone actually went for me. Oh god, I'm like a slightly better looking Wee Hughie.

I remember from Flash villain pages on Wikipedia that there's a guy in Central City who does armoured costumes. I think his name starts with a G? B? Sounds Italian? It was a while ago. Shouldn't be too hard to find him if he exists here and I doubt he'll complain about being paid in precious metal rather than normal money. Speaking of which, I'm going to have to find out how much this stuff is actually worth. Not an immediate concern; I'll just overpay people.

Overpay a bit. I'm not going to get silly with it. That would just draw more attention. And I certainly don't want to spend all my time hanging around asteroids. That's probably only fun once.

A city full of supervillains is something I'll brave after I find a way to charge the ring. Some sort of motorbike protective gear should do in the short term. Should be easier to find. Actually-

"Ring. State remaining power level."

"68% power remaining."

Okay, that isn't too bad. My best lead on a power source is still Alan Scott. Other options I've come up with include trying to get to Maltus (don't know where it is if it exists), Qward (insanely dangerous) or asking a local super scientist (mostly malign hypercognitives, no guarantee that even if they try they'd be able to do anything before I ran out of power). Maybe I could get some sort of local avarice demon bound to the ring? Wow, that sounded stupid. And dangerous. I'll put that just ahead of going to Larfleeze and asking nicely.

If Alan Scott exists, he'll probably live in either New York or Gotham, if those are even separate places here. My knowledge of regular US geography is weak to nonexistent and now I have a load of fictional cities to work around. I think that New York is on the east coast near the top of the US but it's not like international borders are visible from up here. Under the knobbly bit with the French Canadians in it? In any case I need to find New York, or Metropolis if New York doesn't exist. Metropolis, because Gotham is a shithole full of dangerous lunatics and I'm not going there unless I have to. My need for information outweighs the risk of bumping into a Kryptonian. Should be able to get the information I need from a newspaper or a library without too much trouble. The Justice Society should have been big news and there will be some record of Alan Scott's public life. Clothes, something to put my coins in, then library. I need to go lower.

Waaw. Clear priorities must do something to the ring because I just shot through the sky like a very fast orange thing. I'm looking down on what I'm pretty sure is the American east coast. I've nearly caught up with the dusk line so it's probably evening down there? I can't be sure that the season is the same as back home, so really it could be late afternoon instead. Heck, I don't even know the date. Add that to the to do list.

There are about eight semi-distinct groups of lights that might be what I'm looking for. Is the Statue of Liberty in New York harbour, or Metropolis harbour? It was in Metropolis harbour in the Christopher Reeves films, but I can't remember for comic canon. I suppose either will do for now.

"Ring. Scan that-"

I make an arc with my right arm.

"-area of coastline. I'm looking for a large robed statue on a small island just off the coast."

"Matches found. Displaying most probable."

A construct forms in front of me. The statue the ring has found certainly looks like the Statue of Liberty, from what I remember from films and television series. As the construct extends down it fills in... oh, what was it called? Staton Island? I vaguely remember it from GCSE History. It's as good a match as I'm going to get.

Right! Lets go buy some pants! And some trousers!

Oh god, I'm going to have to get used to American English.

I'm floating over the streets at a height of about ten floors up. The offices on either side are empty so I assume it's fairly late in the evening. A quick fly over revealed no LexCorp building and no Daily Planet so this probably is New York. I don't really want to drop to street level but I've got no idea where the shops I'm looking for are. Probably not in the central business district I suppose.

Not much open at this time of day. I really need to find out what local time is and get a watch. Finally, I find a place. Not sure if it's open for business, but there are motorbikes and a couple of vans outside and light on inside. I drop down to float just off the ground. I'm glowing orange but I'm not sure if anyone inside has seen me. The sign over the front of the building says 'Bluebeards Bikes' and has pictures of bones, bikes and women wearing snakes. Not the sort of place I'd usually go to. In fact, I've really got no idea what the protocol for this sort of situation is. I think I'll affect the manner of a polite but slightly daft Englishman. Act like this happens all the time -and around here it might-, make the purchases, then leave.

I push open the door.

"Sorry to bother you so late, but I saw a light on."

The man at the till is thin, has dirty blonde hair and is wearing a black t-shirt and jeans. The six other men are wearing quite a lot of leather, denim and metal. And tattoos. And they are all staring at me. Four of them were stacking rectangular wooden boxes in what looks like the workshop area. One is standing by the till and the last was flicking through a magazine by the rack. He drops it.

I'm pretty bad at reading facial expressions, but I think they look astonished. Two are actually gaping. The guy at the till actually looks scared. Right! Right. Super powered person shows up at business premises late at night. I raise my hands in a placatory gesture.

"No, don't worry. Heh. Not a supervillain. I'm just here to shop."

That doesn't seem to have helped. They're actually backing away from me. Which causes one of the ones near the crates to trip over.

"Are you alright?"

He actually cringes.

"I'm fine. I'm fine."

No sense in panicking the man I suppose. Oh, the lid of the crate he tripped over has fallen off, revealing... well, I shouldn't be surprised I suppose. Public gun ownership is supposed to be fairly common in this country. Everyone follows my gaze. I think a couple of them are hyperventilating. Hands drift under jackets.

"Guys, I get it. Second amendment. You're allowed guns. Might want to think about transporting them a bit more carefully though."

I drift back to the desk. The face of the chap there has taken on a rictus grin.

"Sorry for being a nuisance, but I'd really appreciate it if I could speak to your manager."

"Sure. Ah. Sure thing buddy."

He presses a button on his desk and leans forwards.

"Ah, Mitch, could you, er, could you come down here fer a minute?"

"Ooh, is that a shotgun? I didn't realise they made them that short."

"Yeah, no, that's fine, but you need to get down here man."

"Is that icing sugar?"

A door opens at the top of the stairs built into the side of the room and a overweight man in a black heavy metal themed t-shirt and blue jeans. He's bald, but his beard is trying to make up for it. He's also carrying a revolver in his belt.

Goodness. What must the crime rate be like in this area?

"Lenny, what in Gawd's name..."

He sees me and stops moving.

"Hello! I'm Orange Lantern Two Eight One Four."

I float up to him and hold out my right hand.

"Do I have the pleasure of addressing the manager of this establishment?"

"Ah. Ah, yeah that's, that's me."

I grin, look at my hand, then look back at him. He blinks, and then starts.

"Uh, pleased t', pleased t'meet ya."

He shakes my hand very quickly, like he thinks I'll want to keep it or something. Then he just sort of stands there. What happened to American tradition of good customer service?

"I know that its rather late, but I'd really like to buy some things. Jacket, trousers, boots... do you sell t-shirts here? A couple of t-shirts. And I'd like to pay in gold, if that's possible."

There is a flicker of a smile and his eyes dart to the till. "Um, sorry, but we don't take credit card here."

"No no. Not a gold card. The metal. Gold."

"Y-. Y'wanna pay with solid gold?"

"Yes."

His next look is more appraising. "Sure. Sure buddy, we can do that. You guys-" He indicates the other men. "-get back to work. Man wants to buy some clothes!"

Mitch was really helpful once he calmed down a bit. I found a jacket, boots and trousers made of... well, I don't know, but it was fairly tough and had some sort of armoured plates. I also found the price tags reassuring. They also had jeans. I have just realised that I don't know my current size. Huh. I float a several black pairs of different waist measurements to my try-on pile. No underwear and no watches, but they do have a small range of offensively embroidered vests and t-shirts. I grab a small selection of grey vests.

"You couldn't point me in the direction of the changing room, could you?"

"We... Uh, we don't really have one. But you can use my office."

"Thank you. I really appreciate this. You're being a tremendous help."

I walk up to his office. A couple of chairs, desk, computer, playboy calendar, folders and a few personal photographs. The vests are tight in places I'm not used to my clothing being tight, but it doesn't take long to identify my preferred size. Half a second with the ring eliminates the imagery. My pyjama shorts make getting the jeans on a bit awkward. Turns out that my waist has exactly the same circumference, it's just made of different material. The constant sensation of cloth rubbing against my ring-optimised body is really bringing home the extent of the change. Once I get the boots on I have an ensemble that I could actually walk down the streets in.

"Ring, are you able to store uniforms?"

I remember thinking how convenient Lantern Stewart's costume change in Justice League Unlimited was. It would save having to lug heavy bike gear around the place.

"Affirmative."

"Alright, acquire that jacket and those trousers as 'light combat uniform'."

"Unable to comply. Uniform must be worn for subspace storage."

I roll my eyes and put them on. The trousers are even more of a pain than the jeans. But, plus side, I'll never need to struggle to get them on again.

I think that the ring must be controlling my body temperature. I should not be able to wear this much stuff and remain cool.

"Ring, designate this jacket and the outer trousers as 'light combat armour'."

"Designating."

My orange aura pulses. The colour and pattern of the jacket is eliminated. The body of the garment is now dark grey, with an orange lantern sigil across the chest and smaller ones on the shoulders. The trousers are dark grey and unadorned. The ring has also altered the fit: they are now both the perfect size for me.

"And send it to subspace."

My uniform disappears. My uniform. That feels odd to think. The difference between me and the superhero I'm committing myself to becoming.

I have no idea what I'm doing.

I keep the boots on. I should get some other footwear, or at least thick socks. They certainly aren't comfortable on bare feet. I walk back into the main shop floor. I end up exchanging three gold coins for the uniform, boots, three pairs of vests and jeans, and a pannier to put them in and small holster type bag which straps onto my leg to hold my coins.

They also provide me with some very useful information: the day just starting is the Monday the 5th of July, 2010. Three years and change ago by my reckoning, though I can't think of any way to make that useful.

5th July 2010
Early morning

I eventually found the New York Public Library by having the ring scan every street sign in the city. I really need to start scanning maps into this thing. I flew past a clock to get here so I actually have the time now. It's six fifteen and the library opens in three hours forty five minutes. I'm reduced to sitting on the steps and waiting.

I've still got the ring on but I seem to have managed to turn down the orange glow. I doubt that I'm in serious danger of getting shot dead due to lack of shielding but I don't know anything about the real New York. Either the New York of my own world or of this one. I do remember reading that compared with the real world comic cities have ridiculously high crime rates; that might explain all of the guns I saw earlier.

Does this library have publicly available computers with internet access? I'd tend to assume so but I've never been into a foreign library before. I assume it won't be free. Will I be able to pay in gold here as well, or will they be sticklers for procedure and force me to find a goldsmith or something? That'll be annoying, but at least I can get directions here.

I wonder if I can access the library computer system from out here? I don't really want to break in. I know I could, and probably without breaking anything or setting off an alarm... No, I can't take that sort of risk yet. If someone sees an orange light and thinks it's a fire, I'm in serious trouble. Can I send a thin construct in? Should be possib-. Wireless. Would a public library have wireless internet in 2010? Would it be on now? I gesture towards the library with my left hand.

"Ring. Access wireless data network."

"Access available"

That was surprisingly painless. No obvious construct generated, though the ring is glowing a bit. I rotate it on my ring finger so that the sigil side is on the palm side.

"Ring, acquire maps. I need you to have navigational data for this system and everywhere on this planet."

"Mapping data acquired. Navigation updated."

"Ring, tell me about Alan Scott. Firstly, does he exist?"

Because I'm boned if he doesn't.

"Alan Scott, born nineteen eighteen. Presently still alive. Currently resident in New York City."

Relief.

"Was a super hero operating under either the name Green Lantern or Sentinel during the nineteen forties?"

"Confirmed. Green Lantern began operation in nineteen forty. No further corroborated sightings since nineteen sixty nine."

"Compare available visual records. Was Alan Scott that Green Lantern?"

"High probability match."

Excellent.

"Ring, give me biographical information."

"Alan Scott, born nineteen eighteen in Gotham General Hospital. Presently still alive. Married Rose Canton in May nineteen forty eight. Marriage annulled in May nineteen forty eight due to insanity. No children recorded. Employment history. Railway engineer nineteen thirty seven to nineteen forty. This represents the most likely time he acquired the power ring and lantern. Reporter for WXYZ Radio nineteen forty. Volunteered for US army nineteen forty one. Released to act as war reporter. Promoted to news manager nineteen sixty five. Promoted to managing director nineteen seventy two. Retired nineteen eighty eight, though still maintains a minority stake. Currently residing is New York City."

"Ring, what was the source of that information?"

"Primary information source is website 'Encarta Populi'. Quoted information cross referenced with at least three other sources."

Looks like Wikipedia exists here, in a somewhat altered form.

"Ring, does the Justice League exist, and if so who are its members?"

"Organisation 'Justice League' exists. Official records state that the Justice League was founded in February two thousand and three, after its original members -Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Flash, Green Lantern, Aquaman and Martian Manhunter- coordinated their efforts to defeat an Appellaxian invasion. Please note that the Green Lantern referred to was not Alan Scott. Current roster also includes Zatara, Captain Atom, Black Canary, an additional Green Lantern, Captain Marvel, Green Arrow, Hawkman, Hawkwoman and Red Tornado."

"Ring: confirm. Just 'Justice League', or 'Justice League of America'?"

Organisation full title is 'Justice League'. Though current membership comprises thirteen confirmed or probable US nationals to three non US nationals its UN charter makes no mention of nation of origin requirements.

Other important people in the setting next. Clark Kent, check. Bruce Wayne, check. Diana Prince, not check. I suppose Wonder Woman just never bothered with the alias because she definitely exists. Oliver Queen, check. John Jones, about three hundred possibles and I don't know the character... um, person... well enough to tell if one of them is him. Wally West, check. Oh. He's fifteen. Huh. Looks like this version of DC has the character timelines from.. ah, shit. Before I started reading comics. So, Barry Allen, check. Other Green Lanterns, triple check.

Chara- no, people who interest me next. Right. Theo Adams exists. Alec Holland existed, but there's nothing on Swamp Thing. There's no information on Tefe Holland or Rachel Roth or Timothy Hunter or Gemma Masters. Accomplished Perfect Physician? Nothing, but then I can't remember his actual name. Immortal Man In Darkness? I doubt the Chinese would tolerate that sort of data leak, so no replies doesn't surprise me. A search on Sonic Sally rewards me with a ten second clip of her masturbating with a piece of barbed wire. God, that whole thing is a mess. Worse, I don't think I can fix it without a time machine. One of only two times I ever cried reading a comic book was when her teddy died. Victor Stone is eleven and completely organic. Lonnie Machin is seven. Precocious little twerp is already fighting the forum wars as 'moneyspider'. John Constantine? Nothing, but I seem to remember that he uses magic to erase his records. Captain Cornwall? Two of them, and the older one is also the face of 'Golden Crust Pasties'. Knight and Squire? The Knight search gets me a series of tabloid drunken celebrity photographs, but none of them are dated this year so hopefully he's on the wagon.

Stopping now before I get TVTropes disease. Oh, too late, there go two hours.

I need to get it into my head that these people are real here. Thinking of them as fictional characters is wrong, and will result in me doing stupid things.

Alright, it's half past eight. I don't like phoning people I don't know, but I'm on a clock. How to go about this? Just telling him that I know who he is and that I really want his lantern will most likely result in him hanging up and me being visited very quickly by hostile superheroes. These are not people who can afford to take people discovering their identities lightly and once the Guardians get involved, well. Dread to think. I think it'll work better if I can talk to him face to face. Explain things. Lets face it: even at ninety-two he can probably punch me through a wall. I can't see him finding me threatening.

"Ring, interface with local telecommunications. Contact Alan Scott's home phone number."

A phone construct -a proper handset, from a phone that had an actual dial- appears in my right hand. Shit. There are a few people around now, and while I suppose they just assumed that I was talking on a mobile before a glowing handset will attract notice. Fortunately, my desire not to be noticed causes it to change to a flat mobile handset instead. It rings for a moment, and then:

"This is Alan Scott."

"Oh, um, good morning sir. I do hope I'm not disturbing you?"

I hear a sigh. "Is this about the New York Times subscription again? Because-."

"Oh no! No, um, sorry, um, my name is-"

Can't speak. My mouth and throat freeze. Can't say my name? Think fast.

"-is Colin Underwood. I'm writing an essay on the, the emergence of the American superheroic tradition. You were a reporter for WXYZ Radio during the earliest days of costumed heroes, and were there for the formation of the Justice Society. I'm in New York now. If its not too great an inconvenience, I'd, I'd very much appreciate it if you'd be willing to grant me an interview."

There is a pause.

"Heh. Kinda long way to come for an extra credit assignment, isn't it, son?"

"Well sir, I've never actually been outside Europe before, there was a cheap flight. I'm mostly here for tourism. I had honestly assumed that you still lived in Gotham, or were... Well... Uum... Unavailable?"

"Don't worry about it kid. I feel the ol' axles creak every time I take a bend these days. Tell you what; give me an hour to get myself organised and I can speak to you this morning."

"Thank you sir! Oh, whaw. This is really great. I, I will see you shortly."

I dismiss the construct. Stage one, alright. Now to work out what to actually say to the man.

It's midmorning when I reach the front gate of the house of Mr Alan Scott, retired radio journalist, manager and director and former Green Lantern. I've used the time to study his history and rehearse my lines. I do actually want to talk to him about the early days first though. The Justice Society members really kicked the whole costumed crusade thing off. They weren't the first US super heroes -Hugo Danner had that title- but the primary coloured clothing NGO thing is their invention. My home has literally nothing equivalent to the beginning of the DC heroic age, and learning how normal people were affected would probably help me avoid making mistakes. It also isn't really covered in the comics at all. Marvel had that thing with the Bugle photographer but Marvel New York is condensed crazy.

Before I go in:

"Ring. Scan that house for Oan technology."

"Oan technology power source detected. Further materials consistent with known Oan technology also present."

He still has his lantern, then. I don't know if it is the Starheart from the standard DCU, but I should be able to adapt it. If not, then I've still got-.

"Ring, state current power level."

"Fifty three percent power remaining."

That's what I get for wasting that effort on dramatis persona enquiries. Mr Scott's house is a medium sized detached house in Inwood, a place I'd never heard of until I had the ring direct me here. I'm not sure exactly what I expected. Given his former occupation I assume that he's fairly well off but I suppose that since it's just him he didn't see the point of getting somewhere bigger. There are a couple of boarders along the edges of the brick paved drive, but they're covered in gravel with only a few medium sized bushes planted at intervals. Adds some colour and I suppose it's low maintenance. There's no car in the drive but there is a garage so I suppose it could be in there. The gate blocking the drive has a communication panel on one of the supporting brick posts. I walk over and press the button. I hear a buzz. Ug, if this is anything like the one at work...

"Hello?"

Completely clear sound? And a screen? Mr Scott looks good for his age.

"Good morning Mr Scott! Colin Underwood here. I phoned earlier?"

"Of course. I'll let you in."

There is a soft clank and the gate swings inwards. I walk towards the front door and he opens it before I get there. Blue jeans and pale blue shirt. He still has most of his hair, and it is still visibly blonde. He looks physically fit as well, wrinkles aside. Really, he could pass for a man half his age. He extends his right hand.

"Alan Scott, formerly of WXYZ news."

I stand there for a moment. I am now talking to someone who was a superhero. And was a fictional character. It doesn't fit in my head. I'm just.. talking to a nice, retired American man.

"Colin Underwood. Pleasure to meet you."

His handshake is a perfect formal handshake. Not too light like his hand is acting on sufferance or too test-of-strength heavy.

"Please, come on in."

The interior of his house is light and pleasantly decorated. Maybe a bit empty. No, uncluttered. A single man lives here and he keeps it tidy. As he leads me towards the living room I get my first clear look at my revised face in a mirror on the hallway wall. Goodness, I look young. I think it's the lack of stubble, perhaps combined with my memory of the last time my hair was this short. I'm twenty nine and if I told myself I was a decade younger I'd believe me.

He offers me the settee and then settles into an armchair with a view out of the window across what I assume is a park.

"So, where did you want to start?"

Where do I want to start?

"I suppose I should start at the beginning. When did you first become aware that what might be called 'supernatural abilities' were things that actually existed?"

He gazes out of the window for a moment, and strokes his chin.

"Hmm. Well, thinking back, I don't think I was really in any doubt that things like that could happen. I grew up reading about Hugo Danner's actions in the Great War. 'The Mighty Coloradan.' You know who Hugo Danner was?"

"Yessir. The first American superhero. Tremendous physical potence and fortitude."

He face creases. "You know, ah, I actually met him once. He wasn't exactly... well, the superheroes were active when I started out with WXYZ, they had a clear idea of how they were going about things. They didn't always get things right, but that was an execution thing. They never doubted the mission. Despite everything he could do, I don't honestly think Danner ever really knew what he wanted to do with himself. Maybe... he didn't have anyone else is his position. The guys who founded The Society, even when they weren't working together, they knew each other. If things got kinda crazy, they needed to blow off steam with someone who'd been through the same stuff as them, they could. He didn't really have anyone. When he was growing up, there just wasn't anyone like him. That just isn't good for a man, especially not a man with the powers he had."

"Was meeting him the first time you encountered that sort of thing?"

"Oh, no. I didn't actually meet him until the early sixties. He came back to the US after spending some time in Brazil. No, the first time I saw something like that myself, I think it would have been November of nineteen forty. The Green Lantern held a press conference, and did a little demonstration of what his ring could do."

Yeah right.

"Nothing before that? I mean, there's been reports of low level magic use in US cities for, well, always."

"You hear things, maybe even see a thing or two, but you go home and you tell yourself it's all smoke and mirrors. And mostly it is. Someone like The Green Lantern, or the original Flash, or Fate once he came out of hiding? You can't fake that. It's happening right in front of you, and everyone can see it."

"You lived in Gotham pretty much the whole of the time Green Lantern was active there. Did you have a lot to do with him?"

"Not really. I saw him at press conferences, did a couple of interviews. I think we even went to a few of the same parties, but I couldn't say I knew him as a person."

"What sort of impression did you get of him?"

"He was a good man. Polite, maybe a bit stilted. Kinda, not preachy exactly, but a guy who didn't have to bother with a lot of stuff regular folks go through. Heh, why worry about cab fare when you can fly right over? He did a lot of good, and as far as I could tell it never went to his head."

"What do you remember of the public reaction to people like him going public?"

"In my experience people can ignore most anything not happening right in front of them. If a guy uses his powers for good, they'd say more power to him. If he uses them for evil, stick him in irons and throw away the key."

"Was there no negative reaction at all? I mean, the House Committee on Un-American Activities-."

"Jo McCarthy was a son of a bitch, if you'll pardon me. There was never any public support for that sort of thing."

Ooh, that's a sore point.

"Did you cover the hearings at all?"

"Wasn't my beat. Just as well, really. If I'd been there, they'd probably a'ended up dragging me out, kicking and shouting."

"Did you cover the formation of the Justice Society?"

"At the time I didn't have the pull to get that gig. Wrote a couple a'articles about them later. I think the paper put all that stuff online if you care to look for it."

"Do you remember the group disbanding?"

He seems to sag slightly. "Yeah."

"Do you know why?"

"No, but if I had to guess? Wonder Woman never got old. Come to think of it I don't suppose Red Tornado did either. But for the other guys? You're in your twenties, you're full of vinegar. You have super powers as well? There's nothing you can't do. Then, you hit thirty, forty. Maybe you got a wife, kids. A mortgage. A few injuries that keep you up some nights. You don't wake up quite so early and you try not to stay up so late. You want to fit in something like the Society as well as all'a the other stuff you gotta do? Good luck."

He looks at the ground, and sighs.

"Ah, it was a shame, though. They still got together sometimes, after that. Big cases. Mordru in sixty nine. Left the office to report on that one myself."

"What do you think of the Justice League?"

He perks right up.

"Those people, it makes me feel good just knowing that sorta thing can still happen, you know? I'd heard of The Batman before they all got together. Can't say I thought much of him. Heh, if it works out like that, I wouldn't mind being proven wrong more often. I didn't know much about Superman, at the time. Watching him since, he seems like a really good guy. Can't quite place his accent. Wonder Woman looks much the same as ever."

Wistful? Well, not that surprising really. Ah, time to get to the point. I feel a bit bad for misleading him like this. How to lead in?

"What do you think happened to Green Lantern's equipment? I used to assume that the first new Green Lantern was using it, but then the others turned up."

"Got me. Maybe Mordru destroyed it. Maybe it's in a crawlspace or a loft somewhere. Hey, maybe he put it down somewhere and forgot about it. Happens when you get older."

Fine, don't make this easy.

"Mr Scott, may I be frank with you?"

He waves a hand. "Go right ahead."

"Mr Scott, I believe that you are in fact the Green Lantern of that era."

"Oh? And what makes you think that?"

"Because your hair, build, voice and presence in Gotham City match that of the Green Lantern perfectly. Also, because this power ring has detected an Oan power source fifteen metres in that direction."

He gives me a measured look. "Your 'power ring'?"

I raise my left hand, palm open. "Ring, light combat armour please."

A wave of orange light passes over me, and in its wake my protective gear reappears. Mr Scott settles back in his chair.

"Alright son, you've been playing me long enough. What do you actually want?"

"That's simple, Mr Scott. I want your lantern."

"Is that right?"

"Yes. I was thinking... Five hundred million dollars? Ten percent deposit by the end of the week, balance within two years?"

"I'm... Y... You want to buy my lantern?"

"Yessir."

I think I gobsmacked him, but his expression doesn't actually change much. The only things moving are his eyes and eyelids and he blinks.

"If the amount is insufficient-."

"It's not the amount, son." He rubs his brow. "What..? What exactly do you intend to do with it?"

"Well, first I have to check that it can be made compatible with this ring. Then, recharge. I don't really have any definite plans after that."

"Running low on power?"

"The asteroid mining I budgeted for, but you'd be surprised how much power internet background research can take. Ring, how much left?"

"Fifty two percent power remaining."

His eyes twitch. "Your ring can talk. So you're, what, a member of the Orange Lantern Corps?"

"That's right."

"They didn't give you a lantern of your own?"

"I know, right! If I'd been anywhere but Earth I could have been in serious trouble! As it is, this ring is tied to the central power battery on Okaara. It's far too far to commute."

I know that people avoid looking at other people's faces when they're thinking. So much of the run time on the human brain goes into analysing other people's expression, you get measurably dumber when you look at one. He's currently studying his ceiling.

"Theoretically speaking, if I were not prepared to part with it, what would you do?"

"I'd try to persuade you to change your mind. If you were adamant... I'd just have to try somewhere else. Look, I'm on a bit of a deadline here. If you could give me some sort of indication-"

"Would you mind if I made a phone call?"

"Of course not."

He gets up and walks out of the room.

I think this is going reasonably well. I couldn't predict exactly how he'd react, and he seems more confused than alarmed or irritated. I had no way to tell how big a deal breaking his secret identity would be. I still don't, really. Surely everyone who had a personal grudge against him would be either dead or in their dotage by now? Not Mordru, obviously. Never found him interesting as character but he was certainly powerful. Vandal Savage is probably around as well... and I didn't bother to look up either of them, damn it!

Mr Scott didn't strike me as the sort to have wireless internet, and stealing someone else's access while in his house didn't seem like a good idea.

I can just about hear Mr Scott's voice outside the room. Can't make out what he's saying. Tone seems to be conversational, with occasional rises for emphasis. Does he have a mobile? I would have guessed not, but maybe I'm being unfair to old people. If he's standing just the other side of the door, then it must be a mobile as there wasn't a phone in the hall. Or... I know that my ring enhanced my vision when it altered my body. Is my hearing better? I didn't think so, but if Mr Scott is a couple of rooms away...

The conversation stops. I hear another door open and close, then nothing. That's a bit rude. I get up and walk over to the window. Nice day out. Reasonable temperature -though that could be the ring-, grass in good condition, trees swaying in the wind and a nice view, even. The trees in the parks Mum used to take my sister and I to when we were little were usually packed together into areas of woodland. Here, one or two would stand in isolation with large gaps between them.

"Proximity alert! Will detected!"

That explains where he went. Understandable that he'd want his ring as well, I suppose.

I watch a family walk down what appears to be the main path through the park until the door behind me opens. I turn to see Mr Scott holding his right hand at chest level and flexing his fingers.

"Been a while since I've worn this."

His ring is larger than I was expecting. Certainly larger than mine. I don't remember what his looked like in the comics. Didn't he just cut a circle of metal off the Starheart container? This one sort of looks like someone stuck a tiny model lantern on it. It actually looks cheap and a bit silly until he moves the funnel to an angle at which I can see the glowing green core.

"Sixty nine, you said?"

"Hm? Oh, no. A few times since then. Not exactly active duty..."

He looks slightly distracted as he sits back in his chair. I stand at ease -thank you Scout Association- facing him.

"Can I ask if you've made a decision?"

"You know, I've had people after my ring before. Criminals, super villains, the occasional government official. I've been offered bribes more times than I care to remember. I honestly don't think anyone has ever tried to just... Just... Tried to.. buy me out."

"Is that a 'no'?"

"It's a... It's a... God damn it, what do you want me to say?"

He lets out a short laugh. Bemusement to amusement? I'll take that. He rubs his forehead with his right hand, then stops and looks at the ring again.

"So what does this... Orange Corps of yours do, anyway?"

Sit in a cave full of precious materials and eat rotten food? Go completely mad? Turn people into constructs?

"There are few restrictions on my personal conduct. I am empowered to act in the best interests of my sector, as I see them."

"So what exactly is the difference between what your people do and what the Green Lantern Corp does?"

"I have a greater degree of personal freedom while they are limited to law enforcement. A Green Lantern might prevent someone destroying a bridge, or repair it if they weren't fast enough to protect it. They won't ever use their ring to build one, even if the greater good could be served by doing so. An Orange Lantern should never be expected to clamp down their desire to help people."

"That so? And what would they say, if I asked them?"

"They'd say, 'Orange Lantern, what are you talking about?'"

"Not so well known?"

"There are not many of us, at present."

I don't think any of that was a lie.

"The Green Lantern Corps is run by the Guardians of the Universe, right? Who runs your Corps?"

I don't actually know. Should probably check.

"The technology employed in power rings was developed on Maltus. When the various political factions of that world experienced, well, 'irreconcilable differences', they agreed to separate. The Guardians -who favour to green light- went to Oa. The Controllers -who favour orange- remained behind. In terms of ideology the two groups seem rather similar, but when things get tense... Tiny differences..."

He nods. "Creating a green construct is an exercise in willpower, mental focus. Is that how your ring works?"

"No. The orange light responds to avarice."

That didn't go down well. He slides to sit on the edge of his chair and leans forwards.

"What exactly do you mean by that?"

"The more I want the construct, the more I want the outcome the construct is being created to achieve, the stronger the construct."

"And if you don't want it all that much?"

"Then it would be very difficult for me to act. With the ring at least. In extremis, the ring might actually prevent me from acting."

My eyes drop to the carpet. I don't know for sure that can happen, but it seems logical. Might actually have to watch out for it.

"That sounds unreliable."

"I... I suppose it is. I haven't had a problem so far, though."

"So what happens if you're short of cash, you walk past a jewellery store, see a valuable diamond? You don't have to will taking it."

"Money's not really my thing. If I need to buy something, well, I mentioned before that I'd done some asteroid mining?"

I take a single platinum coin out of my leg bag and toss it to him.

"I'm not sure exactly how much its worth, but I don't imagine funds are really going to be an issue."

He nods, turning it over in his hand.

"And if you walked down a beach, saw a pretty girl..?"

Is he? Shit, he's implying...

"I'm not that sort of person!"

"You're a young man. Understandably, you have urges in that direction. Most people have good enough control of themselves that they aren't a problem, but you've got a power ring on your finger that responds to your desires, and from what you've told me, the stronger the better. And you want me to give you a tool for recharging it. Understand why I have concerns about this."

Fuck you old man.

"That could only happen if my sex drive completely overwhelmed my desire for social ingroup affirmation and intrapsychic rule compliance reward!"

"So what do you want to use it for?"

I don't know! I'm too angry about you calling me a rapist in waiting to think clearly!

"This world is dangerous. I don't mean getting hit by a car or being mugged or something. People deal with roads all the time and petty theft is well within the abilities of police. But if a fire throwing metahuman or if some rampaging monster or alien warlord or whoever it is today starts smashing people for fun, people can't deal with that. At Earth's current level of technology there are things most people are not safe from. I can, I can use this ring to make them safe."

"And why does it have to be you?"

"Because I went to sleep in a nice safe world with no aliens, no magic and no superhumans and I woke up IN SPACE, over this madhouse, with this ring on my finger. And I know exactly how dangerous it is around here with your giant robots and super powered psychopaths and the only thing that makes me feel even slightly safe is this ring. Your lantern represents the best way for me to keep it charged; if you'll sell it to me or lend it or rent it, then great! If not, fine. It's your property, but I would appreciate an answer now so that I can try and make other arrangements."

Then the doorbell rings.

"Mind if I get that?"

"Oh, go ahead. It's your house."

He walks out of the room and I try to calm down. Why the hell did he do that? I try to listen to the hall but all I can hear is my own pulse. I sit down heavily on the settee and make fists. My aura is back at full intensity. I've actually formed a construct chest plate. I can see it as a definite outline within the glow. Hooray for conscious ring control. Calm, calm. I run the first part of the first mission of Goldeneye for the Nintendo 64 through my mind as a relaxation exercise. It worked during my MRI scan. Step forwards, free aim at the guard's head, fire once or twice depending on difficulty setting, rush across the open area to the tower, shoot the patrolling guard and then move around the back of the tower to shoot the guard against the wall. Up the tower, pick up the sniper rifle and kill the two guards in the tunnel. And now I'm feeling better.

Then Mr Scott walks back in with Wonder Woman.

Leotard with star pants, golden tiara and double-ues, red body section. Boots. Goodness, I don't think I've ever seen a woman so muscular before. The breadth of her shoulders and the definition of the muscles of her arms are really quite pleasantly impressive. Her armour was made by Hephaestus, wasn't it? It isn't skin tight, there's definite depth to it. The outer layer is some sort of red material but I think I can see tiny threads of silver...

"Yes?"

Wonder Woman just caught me checking her out. Think fast!

"Bracers. Lasso. No sword or axe. Standard armour, rather than civilian clothes or the golden plate. A professional occasion, but not one where heavy resistance was expected. I'm afraid that I don't know you well enough to draw further conclusions."

I rise and meet her eyes. "Good morning Your Highness. Orange Lantern two eight one four at your service. It is my pleasure to meet you."

I perform a shallow bow. I think I got away with it.

She gives me a measured look, and then turns to Mr Scott.

"I hadn't realised you were training an apprentice."

"I wasn't." / "He's not."

We speak at the same time, and exchange glances. I make a 'go on' gesture with my hands.

"Colin here just made an offer on my lantern."

"An... offer?"

"Half a billion dollars."

Oh, so that's what Wonder Woman's does-not-compute face looks like. It's a lot like her normal face.

"I mean, you have these things lying up there in the loft and then some bright young thing comes around and tells you they're worth a lot of money. I wasn't even insuring it!"

"No, I don't suppose you were. Alan, what is happening?"

Standing at ease again, I watch Mr Scott as he talks. Less chance of looking at the wrong thing.

"The boy here phones me, says that he wants to interview me for a paper on super heroes due to my work as a journalist. He comes over, asks some questions, then flashes his power ring and asks to buy my lantern."

"How did he-"

She turns back to me, her expression hardening.

"How did you know Alan was the original Green Lantern?"

"This ring can detect power lanterns. There aren't that many to choose from. Plus, the two of them look identical. Tiny mask and a different parting?"

Mr Scott actually winces.

"How did you get a power ring?"

"No idea. I woke up this morning... no, hang on, last night, and there it was."

I raise my left palm. She looks at it carefully.

"What, exactly, can you do with it?"

"So far, flight, environmental protection, scanning, cleaning, construct creation, data analysis and this rather nifty thing where it can store my clothes."

"Cleaning?"

I face-shrug.

"The moon's dusty."

She goes to speak, pauses, and concedes the point. Her attention shifts back to Mr Scott.

"Do you plan on giving it to him?"

Million dollar question. I'd certainly like to know.

"It occurs to me that giving him my lantern would make him a very powerful young man."

"That's certainly.. true..?"

"And I'm certainly not letting someone like that loose without proper training and supervision."

Did he just say I could have the lantern if she agrees to take me on as 'Wonder Lantern'? She doesn't seem too impressed by the idea.

"I'm sure that you could show him the basics. Once he has been active for a while I can help him apply for a position in the League."

I raise my right hand. I don't remember a lot of what I learned in primary school but that one has really stuck with me.

"I'm sorry your highness, but that won't work. The lantern can remain green, or I can try to turn it orange. It can't be both. One of us will be out of power in a day or so."

Her jaw tightens.

"Colin, would you excuse us for a few minutes?"

You're seriously excluding me from this?

"Oh right. Adults are talking."

I put on my chirpy Edwardian ten year old voice and make the reins holding gesture.

"I think I'll go and play in the park. Do let me know when it's time for tea!"

Despite wearing the ring, I decide to climb the tree the normal way. Alright, the ring provides added safety, but I like climbing trees. Weren't many trees I could do this with when I was little. They were all the wrong shape or size. At this time of day the park is basically empty. The view over the green fields towards the coast is soothing. I changed back into normal clothes before leaving Mr Scott's house, though my vest appears to have acquired a lantern sigil in the centre. My panniers are on the ground at the tree's base.

Enough woolgathering. I still don't have a lantern. The local superheroes know I exist and it's pure good fortune that I'm not sitting in a science cell right now. From what Mr Scott told me I assume that Wonder Woman was part of the Justice Society in this time line, rather than it being Queen Hippolyta. Would she be prepared to tutor me? If I was a woman, probably. She took Supergirl on after all. But then, I'm not really a melee fighter, even taking my new buff body into account. As far as I'm concerned that's a silly way to use a ring. Would Mr Scott be any better? I don't remember him using particularly complex constructs in the comics and its not like him teaching me how to focus my will would achieve anything useful.

"Colin?"

I look down. I guess Wonder Woman finished talking to Mr Scott. She's also switched to civilian clothing; blue jeans and a leather jacket obscuring her distinctive 'work clothes'. Does she keep clothing in Mr Scott's house? Because there's no way those are his.

"Yeah, look, Colin Underwood isn't my actual name."

"No?"

"Dad's first name, Nan's maiden name. I don't seem to be able to say my actual name."

"Really?"

Scepticism scepticism.

"Observe."

I start, but before I can get out the first phoneme my throat locks.

"Kkkkkkrrrr. Hhhhhucccccccccc."

Disbelief to puzzlement.

"Can you still think about you name?"

Can I? I try to bring it to the front of my mind-

"Woah!"

I nearly fell off the branch. I think I blacked out for a moment. My name is unspeakable and unthinkable. That's weird and a bit scary. I scoot along the branch and clamber down, trying not to think too much.

"My lasso can compel honesty. If the effect is caused by some sort of magic then it should remove the spell."

I slouch against the tree.

"Unless whoever did it was clever enough to put in a backup. Something along the lines of 'if the spell fails for any reason, detonate his head'. I think it's possible to survive your own death with a power ring, but you really only get one chance to learn."

"Power rings don't make you immortal."

Doesn't sound like she believes me.

"There was a zombie Green Lantern for a while. I'm not sure that he was fully functional, mentally, but he could put himself back together after being torn apart."

"A zombie Green Lantern."

"There's all sorts of Green Lanterns. Mathematical equation Green Lantern. Robot Green Lantern. Squirrel Green Lantern. Plant Green Lantern. Planet Green Lantern. One of them was a zombie. I don't remember why."

She dismisses the matter with a shake of her head.

"Alan tells me that he hasn't actually seen you create a construct yet."

"I made an armoured plate earlier when he suggested I could... that this ring could be dangerous."

"Apparently he didn't notice. Would you mind showing me?"

"Yes, actually. Constructs take power, and I still don't have a charge point."

"I... have a decision to make, and I need to know for certain that you have a power ring and that this isn't trick of some kind."

How about a different ring function?

"What language do you hear me speak?"

"Why do you ask?"

"Power rings have a universal translator function. Your first language would be close to Classical Greek, right?"

She thinks, and then reaches up behind her ear and presses something. When she speaks, her accent is different.

"Alright, say something."

What to say? Aaagh! I've spoken English my whole life, then someone asks that... I want something that sounds good. Ah, an idea... Deep breath:

"I am the very model of a modern lantern warrior,
I'm combination futurist, combatant and explorier,
I'll rewrite every schema pattern, thought and every moral code,
So I may better serve the sector in which I make my abode."

She raises an eyebrow, and smirks.

"Explorier?"

"I had a minute!"

"The translator is working."

"Really? 'Cause I'm pretty sure Classical Greek doesn't have words for some of those things."

"Themysciran Greek isn't exactly Classical Greek. I heard the tune and the words, though your ring wasn't able to make the words rhyme in both languages."

I turn my left hand palm up and stroke it with my right index finger.

"Don't listen to the mean woman. You did an excellent job."

A smile, and her hand pushes her hair back.

"You told Alan that you come from a parallel universe."

"Yep."

"Why do you think that?"

I shrug.

"Some places that should be there aren't. Some things exist that shouldn't."

I realise that I'm talking to a golem. Clay given life by both Titanic and Olympian magic, right?

"When you're out of my field of vision, I could be back home. Er, I've never actually been to my parallel's New York but-"

I wave at the scenery.

"-it all looks pretty normal. Then I look at my finger, and there's a magic alien ring. I look at you and there's a magical demigoddess. This is... This shouldn't be possible, but it's happening."

"Do you think it might be something else? If your mind has a block preventing you from using your own name..."

"If I was crazy, how would I tell?"

"I just meant that your memory of events might have been altered."

"Its possible, but, why? And anyway, these are complex memories I'm talking about, not just a couple of events. Wouldn't that be difficult to create artificially?"

She folds her arms across her chest.

"I only have your word for it that any of this is happening."

"True. Hmh. One of the Greenies could probably track me. Follow the orange trail back to where I first appeared. If it starts suddenly in space and there's no sign of faster than light travel, that would imply I appeared as I said I did."

"Or teleported."

"Pretty much every form of teleportation I know of leaves signs that a power ring can detect."

"Your world has teleportation?"

"No. I asked this ring about it."

We stand in silence for several moments.

"What did you and Mr Scott decide?"

She shifts her weight slightly.

"He wants to make sure that you learn to use that ring responsibly."

"And I'd like to learn to use this ring responsibly."

We both stare at the ground for a moment. I rub my face with both hands.

"Alright. Mr Scott will only give me the lantern if I get supervised training. You can provide that training, but the problems involved in dealing with people in our weight class mean you don't want to risk it with someone you don't know. What do I have to do to convince you to take the risk?"

"I'm not sure."

"I could just have taken it, you know? He doesn't normally wear his ring. I could have just locked on, ploughed through the house and been on the other side of the galaxy before anyone could have stopped me."

She shrugs.

"So, you're not a thief."

"I need the lantern. Take it away and I've got maybe a day of use left before I need a new power point."

"And?"

"Orange is the colour of avarice. I want the lantern more than anything you're likely to ask in return. So, ask. What do you want?"

"If avarice is that important to you, why would you stay true to your word?"

"Same reason I don't steal. Compared to what I lose, what I gain, it doesn't make sense."

She looks back towards Mr Scott's house, then back to the ground. It's not working! Wait, something... I don't know if this is...

"Back home, we don't have... gods. Not ones that interact with the world in any measurable fashion. Ha, I guess this place is going to be hard on my atheism. I remember hearing a radio program about ancient Greek religion."

"If the gods do not exist in your world then I doubt it would be accurate."

"Mm. One of the things it said was that an oath was considered most sacred when sworn to Gaea."

Now she's looking at me. Anger? No, maybe alarm?

"Would I be right in assuming that the consequences of breaking that sort of oath would be a bit more-"

I make a circling motion with my right hand.

"-apparent, here?"

"Not if you just spoke it. But the consequences of breaking a sanctified oath to Gaea are utterly devastating."

"Sufficiently devastating that you wouldn't worry about me breaking my word?"

I surprised her. I think she's actually thinking about it.

"It... it would depend on what exactly you agreed to."

I shrug, raising my palms to the sky.

"What do you want me to agree to?"

For a moment I think that she is walking away, but she turns back. Wonder Woman is pacing? At least she's taking it seriously. I can feel myself relaxing as I get closer to getting hold of the lantern.

"You'll have to agree to follow orders."

"Whose?"

"Mine, or those of a single individual I designate."

"Not suicidal orders. I don't mind danger, but I'm not dying because someone told me to."

She nods.

"Alright. You also can't leave the planet."

!My coins!

"Can we make it star system? I'm not planning to do a runner but I do need to practise space flight. Oh, voluntarily, voluntarily leave. Just in case I'm forced to."

She thinks, trying to spot a loophole I'm not trying to create.

"Acceptable."

"For how long? I mean, if you still can't trust me after working with me for six months..?"

"A year. One year from the time you make the oath."

To quote Urdnot Wrex, worse than I'd hoped, better than I'd feared.

"One other thing. I want to be able to nullify the oath by giving up the lantern. Returning it to Mr Scott."

Eyes narrow, suspicions raised again. I raise my hands.

"It might not even be possible for me to use it. I don't want to be stuck following orders with no ring."

She doesn't seem happy about it, but it isn't that unreasonable. A shallow nod. A year's freedom for the freedom of the universe. It's a fair trade.

"So, do I need to go somewhere in particular, or can I just do this here?"

"There's only one place to sanctify this kind of oath. We'll need to go to the Temple of Gaea. On Themyscira."

Oooh. Not sure...

"Am... I... allowed... there..?"

"In the Temple itself, yes, if I am with you. Nowhere else. It should be empty at this time of day, but I will make sure of it before calling for you."

Right then. I stand up.

"Are we flying there under our own power?"

"No, we'll take my jet. Follow me."

And she flies into the air, towards Manhattan Island. No force field, no engine thrust, just 'fuck you, physics'. That's just...

I retrieve my armour, pick up my bag and follow.

Apparently Staten Island isn't the thing with the Statue of Liberty on it. I didn't even have to ask the ring; I looked at the Statue as we flew over it and wanted to know and I suddenly knew. The island with the Statue on it is called Liberty Island. Staten Island is a lump of city just off the coast, connected by bridge -which we also flew over- and ferry -which we flew near-. Wonder Woman didn't seem bothered about people seeing us, and I doubt they could identify us at that distance.

We aren't next to each other, I'm definitely following her. After we took off I copied her swimmer style flying position before realising that for me there was no advantage in doing so. I tried creating a chair construct to sit on and then a lilo to lay on, but both felt weird so I'm just Black Adamming it and flying standing straight up. Still feels a bit strange. I suppose after so much exposure to the swimmer pose it just seems like 'the way'. While my environmental shield prevents me from feeling the wind my escort.. no, bad word... guardian? From the way her hair is moving I think she's getting full air resistance. Probably why she hasn't tried to speak to me since we took off. Must make having hair that long really awkward.

I spot the WayneTech logo on the side of the building from the beginning of the upper bay. Do normal world businesses have signs that huge? Hm, LexCorp and Wayne Enterprises. I wonder if there are more large family owned businesses here, or the comics just focus on oddities? As we approach the building we gain height, coming in from about twenty metres above the roof. It looks empty, until I have the ring scan it and give me an augmented reality view. I see its outline, picked out in orange. That's an invisible jet. There is an invisible jet parked on the roof. Are invisible things common around here? Amazons never struck me as technophiles but I suppose the purple ray? Was that a technological artefact or an arcane device? The invisibility might be magic in origin but I can clearly see the jet engines.

As Wonder Woman drops swiftly towards the roof surface I sink slower and circle around the plane, before approaching the side door.

"You can see it, can't you?"

"I have a power ring."

I can see outlines, but I'm not an engineer and I'm not sure what some of the things I see are. I land and turn to her.

"I'm curious, how does... what?"

She's giving me an odd look.

"Your eyes are glowing."

I raise my right hand and hold it over my right eye. Can't see any orange glow.

"Yes? Don't the Green Lanterns' eyes glow?"

"Human eyes aren't normally orange."

She floats over to the outline of the plane and places her right hand on the hull. The door extrudes slightly and then splits apart, sliding to both sides of the aperture. There is now a weird disconnect between the exterior surface which looks like an orange ghost-jet and the inside which I can see clearly.

"The flight should take about four hours."

She steps inside and heads to the cockpit. I follow her. The inside is part aeroplane and part spaceship. As I am qualified to fly neither I settle for sitting in one of the passenger seats behind the pilot's position which Wonder Woman has occupied. I have no idea what any of this stuff does so after I buckle up I place my hands in my lap. Buttons, switches and dials run down each side of the interior in a way that can't be good design, ergonomically speaking. How is the pilot supposed to reach them all? Is this supposed to be a team thing? I glance out of the canopy and... what! We've already lifted off? This thing either has amazing inertial dampeners or an anti gravity generator. Come to think of it, given how much this must weigh the roof we were on must be really strong. I do hear it and feel it when the main engines ignite. I've been on a plane twice in my entire life before this so I don't have much to compare it to. Beats Easy Jet, but when you're one hundred and eighty five centimetres tall cattle class is not a fun way to fly.

Hang on. Wonder Woman can fly, and the League have teleporters, don't they?

"I was just wondering, is there a special reason why we're taking the plane?"

"Its cruising speed is faster than mine, and you were worried about running out of ring power."

"Oh. Well, thank you for the consideration. Um, I was sort of under the impression that the League had teleporters?"

She pauses. I suppose it probably isn't public knowledge and she can't be sure that she can trust me not to tell people I shouldn't until I make the oath.

"No. The League uses a network of zeta beams. They need a terminal at each end, and there isn't one on Themyscira."

Zeta beams? Where have I... Adam Strange! His father in law -Sardath? Zardack?- used them for long distance teleportation from Earth to Rann.

"Is that a Rannian technology?"

"Hm?"

"I'm most familiar with zeta beams as a Rannian technology. Did the League trade for it?"

"The zeta beam network the League uses was originally created by a team led by Doctor Erdel."

I can't see her face and she can't easily turn to look at me. And not just because we're flying, these chairs don't swivel. But I think I just made a wrong-universe statement. It sounds like either Doctor Erdel was a fake, or the technology was developed very differently here than in standard DC universe. I've just demonstrated a counterfactual belief that no one from here or in my position should have. I'm not sure that she'll think anything of it beyond 'he's talking nonsense', but if this gets back to someone like Batman I'm going to have some uncomfortable explaining to do.

"What did you mean by 'Rannian'?"

Oh dear.

"It's a planet, Rann, I'm not actually sure what sector, humanoid population, space faring. I know they use zeta beams but I suppose you just, you know, parallel development."

Local zeta beams sound much less sophisticated than boom tubes. Lonnie Machin was able to put one of those together in his mid-teens. I need to see about making contact with him before then. Don't think I'll try his brain machine, though.

"I thought you arrived on our world last night?"

"I spent a couple of hours going through the ring's database. I didn't think so many alien species would actually look human."

"You'd be surprised."

Thankfully, she stops asking. I take a look out of the canopy window again. Clouds and sky. From where I'm sitting I can't look towards the ground. Which way would we go? Straight over the Atlantic ocean? Would going over the pole be faster? I've looked at plenty of maps but I can't remember the last time I saw a three dimensional representation of the world.

Nothing for me to do, and I don't want to risk saying something stupid again. I close my eyes. The chair is comfortable.

Wsfgh, sleeping, go away.

"...Tower to Wonder Woman. Watch Tower to Wonder Woman."

The position of my head and the drool on my chin suggests that I've been asleep. Not tied up and the ring's still there, so score one for trust.

"I'm here J'onn, what is it?"

"We're getting reports from the Greek media that a cruise ship has been taken captive near the island of Santorini. Since you are in the area I would like you to handle it."

This is actual superhero stuff. I'm actually going to... I really hope it's more straight forward than it looks.

"Anything special about the attackers?"

"Local media claims that messages from the passengers described them as 'harpyia'. Apparently they flew onto the ship from a small island and forced the crew to steer it into a natural harbour."

Harp-. Did he say harpies?

"How many people on board?"

"Seven crew and approximately eighty passengers."

"Can I assume that they haven't made any demands?"

"Indeed, though I am uncertain as to how they would if they wanted to."

Ring, tell me how much power you have left, but do it in my head.

Fifty one percent power remaining.

Hearing someone else's thoughts in your head is weird, especially when they aren't a person.

"I'll handle it. ETA seventeen minutes."

"Good luck."

I hear Wonder Woman mutter something. I try to work out how to approach this.

"Aaaaaare you going to want me to participate in this?"

"You're awake then."

"Its been a long and strange day. Uw, sorry for leaving you with no one to talk to."

"It wasn't a problem."

Well, thanks.

"Whether I want you for back up depends on the harpies. Kidnapping is out of character for them. You'll accompany me when I go and talk to them. If it came to a fight, would you be able to shield the hostages?"

I have no sodding idea.

"Probably? I can certainly create a shield, but I don't want to guarantee how long I could sustain it for."

"It'll have to do. I'll drive them away from the boat, you shield it while the crew get it underway."

"You wanted to talk to them first?"

"They know me, and they know what will happen if they try to fight me. I should be able to persuade them to back down."

Harpies are intelligent then, rather than being big birds.

"Any idea why they've done this now?"

"Not really."

"What sort of condition should I expect the hostages to be in?"

"Scared. There may be some minor injuries, but I doubt it."

"What do the harpies usually eat?"

"They don't eat people, if that's what you're asking."

"No, I mean, my world doesn't have harpies but I've seen fantasy art. They don't have hands, right?"

"No, but they have a high degree of fine motor control with their claws."

"They can't farm on a tiny island. So, what, they fish?"

"Mostly, yes."

Long chain omega 3 fatty acids. That explains the intelligence.

"With nets, or with their claws?"

"I haven't spent a lot of time observing them."

I could hear the eyes roll.

"Have they lived in this area for long?"

"At least as long as humans have."

"Greek islands, or this particular island?"

"Does it matter?"

"Maybe? You said this was out of character. Something has caused a change in their behaviour. There's no point freeing one group of hostages if they just grab another boat after we leave."

"I suppose. I'm not sure, but as far as I remember, there has always been a colony around Santorini."

"Do they get on well with the locals. Erm, local humans?"

"They don't usually have much to do with them."

"Do the humans know they're there?"

"Why wouldn't they? It isn't a secret."

"If they don't interact with them they might have sort of fallen out the of public consciousness."

"How could anyone forget the existence of an entire intelligent species?"

"If no one has seen them since before there were photographs, and all people have to go on are old stories, really easily."

She pauses. "Do you think the ship was taking tourists to look for them?"

"It's a possibility. Are they used to boats? Modern boats?"

"I assume so. The area is sailed fairly heavily. They'd have seen them from a distance, at least."

"That would be a fairly recent thing, wouldn't it?"

"Forty or fifty years is hardly recent."

"But, more, recently?"

"Probably."

"Could they be driving away the fish?"

"I wouldn't have though so. There would need to be a lot of boats to have that sort of effect."

"Wait. Who controls the fishing around here?"

"The Greek government."

"So the harpies don't control the waters around their own island?"

"I... I suppose not."

That's bullshit.

"Shouldn't they? They've been here longer than modern Greece."

"If the Greek people have forgotten they exist, I expect the Greek government doesn't care either."

"Can we... Do something about that?"

A moment's silence.

"What exactly do you have in mind?"

I don't have anything in mind.

"Some sort of injunction? Get the courts to stop boats coming here until they can sort out who controls what?"

"You want to help the kidnappers?"

"Yeah, actually. If they're feeling threatened the best thing to do is to stop threatening them. If it actually is a territory problem then it's reasonable to help them sort it out."

"Even if they have a valid complaint, that doesn't justify attacking innocent holiday makers."

"And what would happen if a boat load of tourists turned up uninvited on Themyscira? Most places have laws against trespassing. Besides, we don't know that they've actually hurt anyone."

She's quiet for another moment.

"Alright, I'll ask about it when I speak to their leaders. But I still want you looking after the tourists."

"Having someone who can tell them all in their own language what's going on will probably calm them down."

"We might still have to fight our way out if the courts won't cooperate."

"If that happens, you could always ask Queen Hippolyta to annex the place."

"What!"

"If the Greek government does that then they've demonstrated that they don't care about the rights of their nonhuman citizens. It would be perfectly justified."

"I. I very much doubt it will come to that."

"Oh, do you have a satellite phone I can borrow? Some of them might want to phone home. It'll probably help."

"There's, there should be one in the back."

I release myself from the seat and carefully walk towards the rear section of the aircraft, keeping my hands away from anything technical looking. Now I have to work out how to explain to a crowd of tourists that we're not actually going to rescue them. We're going to leave that to the lawyers.

There is something very wrong with this idea.

Evening

I sit on a knoll at the end of the beach and watch as the children play on the sand with some of the braver harpy... chicks? Fledglings? Not sure. The game seems to involve throwing a long piece of driftwood and then jumping after it with your feet together. It's early evening, and with the sun behind the island the lights from the ship cast long shadows. I chuckle as a couple of the parents overseeing their children accidentally wander right up to a couple of harpies watching their offspring. The humans start to apologise before they realise who they are talking to, and then back awkwardly away.

I hear two feet come down on the grass behind me.

"I see that you've managed to keep things calm."

"You should have been here earlier; I made a giant orange Ferris Wheel. The harpy chicks had no idea what it was. It was hilarious: they kept trying to land on it, and then squawking when it moved."

Wonder Woman walks past me. She's wearing some sort of lavender coloured robe or dress. I guess it's Themysciran formal wear.

"Why are their heads glowing orange?"

"I extended the ring's translation effect. There's five or six human languages, plus whatever the harpies speak. I thought it would make it easier for them to get along."

"It would seem to have worked."

I lay back, folding my hands behind my head. Driftwood abandoned, offspring of two species dash along the shore.

"So? How'd it go?"

"You've certainly made Stellios, Penna and Takes very happy."

"Who?"

"The law firm mother uses when dealing with Man's World."

I raise an eyebrow.

"Do Amazons seriously call it that?"

She turns her head from the children to me.

"Yes."

She turns away again.

"The injunction should be in place by mid day tomorrow. In the mean while, the government has issued advice to all commercial sea vehicles that they should avoid this area for the time being."

"Longer term?"

"I honestly don't know. I expect the eventual settlement will be political, rather than legal."

I don't know what I was expecting, but that sounds reasonably good.

"And the harpies are alright about it?"

"I'm not sure that the ones involved in the abduction had thought things through this far. The flock elders were quite angry with them. I think they were surprised to get anything good out of it."

"So, I was basically right about everything?"

A smile.

"No. The harpies don't care about the tourists. The elders actually said that this group are welcome to stay for a few days if they want to."

"What was it then?"

"Drift nets. The area was being over fished to the point that the harpies were struggling to get enough food. They didn't even realise it was a cruise ship until they had already attacked it."

It occurs to me that she probably can't sit down here with that on without getting it covered in sand.

"Umm, do you want me to make you a chair?"

The children have reached the end of the beach and are clambering over the rocks at the end which several adult harpies are using as their perch.

"Why did you do this?"

"Do what?"

A frown.

"Help the harpies. I could have persuaded them to release the hostages without making any concessions. Giving away something you aren't obliged to doesn't seem very avaricious."

"Standard Orange Lantern Corps method of dispute resolution. Work out what they want, and work out how giving it to them is in your interests."

I sit up and shift position slightly.

"Besides, this is nice, isn't it? It feels like the world is working a bit better."

"How is this in your interest?"

"For one, it's probably improved your opinion of me. Since you're going to be in charge of me for at least a year, that's pretty useful. Secondly, I get the impression that there aren't all that many harpies. I don't like the idea of them just... not being there anymore. Thirdly, since I'm not a psychopath, other people being happy makes me feel happy. Doing good feels good."

"You believe that most people are basically altruistic?"

"I believe that if people weren't basically civilised then civilisation wouldn't be possible."

"Isn't that a tautology?"

"Fine, then I believe that if people weren't at least slightly inclined towards altruism then complex society couldn't function."

"You would prefer to investigate and resolve the underlying problem through persuasion rather than impose a solution based on what you think is right?"

"Of course."

"That's a very... feminine... way of looking at things."

I smile.

"You have noticed that I've been watching the kids while you deal with the politicians and lawyers, right?"

She raises an eyebrow and grins

"Are you saying that you're more of a woman than I am?"

"No. No, I'm saying that you've been performing a traditionally masculine role while I've been performing a traditionally feminine one. And it doesn't matter."

The human adults begin to collect their children and take them back to the boat.

"So, what's the plan now?"

"I will need to speak to the ship's captain and relay the decision of the harpy elders. I think it would be best to spend the night here and continue on to Themyscira in the morning."

Ring, remaining charge?

Thirty seven percent remaining.

"Rightyoh. Do you need me for anything else?"

"Not at the moment. Do you have something you want to do?"

"I'd like to speak to the harpies. Properly, I mean. We had a quick talk when I first arrived..."

"Why?"

"I've never spoken to a nonhuman intelligence before."

Err...

"Apart from you, sort of? In my parallel, on my Earth, there aren't any."

"None?"

"No gods, no monsters, just men. Humans! I meant humans."

She waves off my faux pas.

"Go ahead. I'll ask the captain to set up some quarters for us."

*Renegade*

The children have reached the end of the beach and are clambering over the rocks at the end which several adult harpies are using as their perch.

"Why did you do this?"

"Do what?"

A frown.

"Help the harpies. I could have persuaded them to release the hostages without making any concessions. Giving away something you aren't obliged to doesn't seem very avaricious."

"A few years ago I read a comic. It wasn't particularly good, but one bit stuck with me. One of the characters -he went on to become the embodiment of greed- was the leader of a major religion. One day, to prove his faith to his followers and potential followers, he arranged for a major ceremony. Got up on stage, and without anaesthetic cut off his own left arm, then shoved the stump into a brazier to cauterise the wound. He told them that he did it to prove his faith, to show that for his god he would give up anything. His actual reason was different. As he put it when he spoke to the embodiment of wrath, 'what does it matter if I give up one arm, if one thousand new converts freely give me theirs.' The harpies will remember me, and so will the tourists. One day, that will be useful."

6th July 2010
Early morning

Unsurprisingly, crew and passengers alike chose to leave the next morning. They offered to take us with them, but they definitely weren't heading to Themyscira. I watched from the shore as they sailed away from the island. A surprisingly large number of harpies joined the vigil, including most of their young. The captain said that 'he'd think' about coming back, but I doubt it will happen.

My talk with the harpies was pretty unenlightening. I fielded questions about the wider world and the ring, they tried to answer mine about their history and culture. I don't think I was able to adequately explain the difference between the technology the ring uses and the magic they are more familiar with, at least in part because I don't understand exactly how it works myself. Their oral approach to history made me long for solid dates and timelines. Maybe an actual anthropologist could compare events for which we have a definite timeline to work it out?

We're back in the jet, and Wonder Woman is back in her standard armour. Fifteen minutes to Themyscira. Maybe half an hour until I swear my life away for a year. I need something to stop me feeling so nervous.

"You were up early?"

"I don't need much sleep. I also wanted to make preflight checks on the jet."

What else can I talk about? I've never been any good at small talk. Oh god, not that. Don't even think about that. I mean, I'm probably going to need to find out whether it's true or not eventually, but no. What did she say yesterday?

"Why 'Man's World'?"

"I'm not sure what you mean."

"Well, I mean, the population's about fifty fifty. Obviously the presence of men is a change from Amazonian society, but I'm not sure why you still call it that."

"Name one female head of state."

"Angela Merkel."

"Who?"

"The German Chancellor? No? She is in my parallel."

"Gerhardt Brandt was elected three years ago."

"That... Argentinean woman?"

"You don't know her name?"

"Only thing I ever heard about her was that she was banging on about wanting the Falkland's back. Argentinean leaders tend to do that when they don't have anything intelligent to say."

"Santiago Ortiz."

"Oh."

That's... that doesn't make sense. No female heads of state?

"Guess you've kind of got a point then."

"Of course, your country is different. The head of state of your country is Queen Elizabeth the second, and you've had two female Prime Ministers."

"My country in my parallel has only had one. Who did we get here?"

"Elizabeth Taylor of the Conservative party, and Danielle Goldsmith of the Liberal Alliance."

Liberal Alliance?! I am in a strange universe indeed.

"I've never heard of either of them. Same queen. I know... I mean... I know there are more men in politics than women, but it's getting better, isn't it? I mean, compared to when you first came to the United States?"

"A little, in some places. But going from terrible to bad is nothing to be proud of."

"I've... never experienced that myself, obviously. But, it has sort of annoyed me that every copy of 'On Liberty' lists John Stuart Mill as the sole author, while in fact he wrote it jointly with his wife-"

Ring, name?

Harriet Taylor

"-Harriet Taylor. My old copy actually has an introduction which talks about it, and still only has his name on the cover. I mean, he refused to modify it after her death because he didn't think he'd do a good enough job without her. There's no reason for it."

"I actually didn't know that. I'll have to pick up a copy."

"Might not be true for this parallel. I didn't really compare histories."

Silence for several minutes.

"How... are the other Amazons going to feel about you training a male student?"

I think the plane is descending, but I don't have a good angle to the window.

"They'll find it strange that I would want to. But my mothers have always supported my decisions regarding Man's World."

Mothers?

"I... wasn't aware that Queen Hippolyta had an, um, a consort...?"

Oh, wait, no, that's not what she-

"No, she doesn't. I was referring to the other Amazons who helped mother, Queen Hippolyta, raise me."

"Yes, I should have realised."

I barely feel it when we land, but I definitely notice the engines shutting off. I close my eyes.

"Wait here. I'll check the Temple and then I'll come back for you."

I hear her unbuckle and then get up and walk towards the exit. She stops just past me.

"Why are your eyes shut?"

"I appreciate that I'm here on sufferance and I don't want to risk accidentally seeing something I'm not supposed to."

"We're not maenads here, Orange Lantern. Really, even if I wasn't here, if you told them that Alan was your sponsor you would probably be fine."

I open my eyes. Always thought that Amazons were pretty misandrous. They had reasons, sure...

"Because... because the two of you used to work together?"

"No, it's..."

She avoids my gaze and looks uncomfortable.

"It's probably something he should tell you about himself. Suffice to say he is well respected here."

"They'd take my word for it?"

"You wouldn't be allowed to go anywhere until they'd checked you were telling the truth, but yes."

"Huh."

She walks through the cockpit door and then out of the main door. For a moment I feel a wind and hear birdsong. There is a scent of moist soil and pollen.

How exactly am I going to word the oath? Does an avatar of Gaea turn up and hear it in person? Are we going to write it down? Because I'm honestly not sure I could sign my name without fainting. What I agreed to certainly doesn't sound like a traditional oath. Can I just say 'we agreed to something earlier, I swear to keep up my end'? I try to work out how to actually say it in a way that doesn't sound stupid.

"I swear that I will obey..."

No, the returning the lantern thing should go first. Or not?

"In exchange for ownership of Mr Alan Scott's power lantern... I will obey any non-suicidal orders given by either Diana, Princess of Themyscira, also known as 'Wonder Woman' or by a single individual nominated by her. I agree not to leave this star system."

No, the time limit should come first.

"In exchange for ownership of Mr Alan Scott's power lantern I agree that for the duration of one year I will do the following. I will obey any non-suicidal orders given by either Diana, Princess of Themyscira, also known as 'Wonder Woman', or by a single individual nominated by her. I agree that I will not leave this star system of my own volition. I may rescind this oath by returning ownership of the power lantern to Mr Alan Scott."

I think that's it. Sounds a bit legal for a mystic oath. I hear the door again.

"Alright, we can begin. There are no other Amazons around."

I get up. For a moment I wonder if I could have handled things better and not needed to do this. But it doesn't matter. This is what I am doing.

The jet doesn't have steps at the door. We both just float down the metre or so to the ground. It's dull grey.. stone, and natural looking. There aren't any markings and it certainly isn't paved. Behind the jet the stone continues a little way before breaking up into a beach of grey stone flakes. On the other sides the cove is surrounded by a steep grass covered bank. It also looks natural, though I suppose it would serve to suppress the noise of take off and landing. We're following a footpath around its edge. Away from the stone landing area everything else is covered in uneven clumps of grass. It might be grazed but it certainly isn't mowed. The area around the path has a small layer of good soil over stone and where they path it the soil has mostly been worn away. If it had chalk rather than whatever the grey stone is it could be the Downs back home.

It might be faster for us to fly, but I suppose raising my height would increase the chance of seeing something I wasn't supposed to, or of the locals being forced to notice me. The boots I'm wearing are tough but they aren't really designed for hiking. As we move past the mound I get my first unobstructed view of the Themysciran landscape and it turns out that the Downs were a pretty good comparison. I can see a flock of sheep in the distance but otherwise the whole area could be uninhabited.

"If you don't mind me asking, how many people live here?"

"One hundred and eighty two thousand nine hundred and sixty one."

"That's a very precise answer."

"The population doesn't change. No one is born, no one leaves and since no one ages it is unusual for anyone to die."

"You were... I mean, you're more recent than that, aren't you?"

"Yes."

"I... look, if this is something I'm not supposed to ask then just tell me to shut up, but are they planning to make any more in the way they made you?"

She stops. I wince.

"The last time I asked, they were debating it. Amazon society has barely changed in the three thousand years since coming to these islands. My... creation... was the first time it had increased in population size. If I had... sisters? If that was even possible, it would inevitably change more. Even if they lacked my more unusual abilities."

"Are Amazons very conservative?"

"That isn't the problem. Some like the idea. But even for them there is no sense of urgency. Mother feels that something that big should be a decision taken by our society as a whole."

She starts walking again. I decide not to ask about other available forms of reproduction.

"From what you said, I assume that there are no Amazons on your world."

"Not like your people, no. No magic and no gods means no immortality. The history which led the Amazons leaving mainland Greece probably didn't happen. I'm... I'm having trouble coming up with any female dominated societies. I think some Greek city states had some types of property passed down the maternal line, but I wouldn't want to swear to it."

"An arrangement between father in law and son in law."

"Probably."

We've turned inland. The land is rising towards an area of woodland.

"If there's one hundred and eighty thousand people, where is everyone?"

"The main settlement is on the other side of the island. You can't see it from here. There are herds of animals, but none are in this area at the moment."

"I know you said that its all horribly patriarchal, but what do Amazons think of everything else about the rest of the world?"

"They barely have any contact with it. Major acts of magic might result in investigation using the scrying pools, and there are wards around the islands to detect trespassers. Other than that, they know only what they hear from me. Most aren't interested."

"Why not? I'm sure it's nice here, but if they've been here three thousand years..."

"When I first went out into Man's World I had no real idea what I would find. From mother's tales of mainland Greece I was confident that I didn't want to go there."

"How old were you when you left?"

"Fifteen."

"Seriously?"

"I was... restless. I could fly and crush granite with my hands, and all of the world I knew was this island."

"Not much of a night life?"

"Oh, I don't know about that. You haven't seen it during the festival of Dionysus."

"I though you said you weren't Maenads?"

"Hah!"

I guess Amazons indulge responsibly the rest of the year.

"Anyway, I was gone for years. It wasn't until after the second world war that I could spend the time needed in order to visit."

"You were really out of contact the whole time?"

"Not completely. Kent was eventually able to create a two way scrying pool. I could see and speak to mother at intervals."

Kent?

"When I came home I told them what I had been doing. Because I wanted them to be proud of my achievements as a warrior, I told them about the war. I think the idea that the entire world could be involved in something like that reinforced the idea that isolation was the best policy. Did your world have a Second World War?"

"Yes. I don't know how similar it was to yours though."

"The Amazons lived in isolation for three thousand years and then I came back and told them that the atomic bomb existed."

"Oh."

"I did... try... to forge links. Later. One of the smaller islands housed a very successful women's prison and rehabilitation center for nine years."

"Why did it close?"

"We found that taking petty criminals out of their normal environment and giving them useful work to do broke them out of harmful patterns of behavior. Even hardened criminals could be turned into valuable citizens, given time. We weren't prepared for a genuine madwoman. Do you know what dissociative identity disorder is?"

"Yes."

"We thought that we had treated her. She showed every sign of being cured of her wickedness. But only one personality was being treated. We found out later that the switch between personas was caused by stresses that we had worked to eliminate from the prison environment. When she was returned to America she... reverted. She murdered eight people and injured many more before the Justice Society was able to stop her. After that, a senate committee investigated the prison. We thought that their concerns were reasonable, so we showed them the measures we used to ensure the safety of guards and prisoners alike."

"Was this the Committee on Un-American Activities?"

"Yes."

"Oh."

"We thought that the inspection went well."

"I can see where this is going."

"We used enchanted bracers and girdles to prevent violence amongst the population, and to encourage rehabilitation. We were accused of using mind control magic to turn them into our serfs."

And they probably weren't all that fond of the homonormative aspect either.

"And of trying to convert them to a heathen religion."

"Oh."

"The prison ceased operation shortly afterwards."

"Yeah, I... um... yeah."

We're just entering the wooded area. She stops again.

"Why are you doing this?"

Huh?

"Because you wanted to be sure you could trust me?"

"No. I mean, why are you so insistent on getting a lantern. Alan told me how dangerous you think the... our world is, but the fact remains that there are any number of people who live perfectly happy lives without super powers."

"Not safe lives. I appreciate your concern, but don't worry. I want to do this."

"But you didn't need to."

"I have no records, no legal existence, no friends and no family. All I have is this ring. I need it. I'm... I'm not complaining about the unfairness of the universe, I don't rail against the heavens and I certainly don't beg for help. It is within my power to deal with this situation and that is what I will do."

She appears to consider this. She nods.

"Alright. Come this way."

"Is the Temple in the woods?"

"The Temple is the woods."

I'm momentarily stunned.

"The Temple is the woods. Of course the Temple is the woods. Gaea is the Titan of the Earth and nature."

"What did you think it was going to be?"

"I was expecting something Acropolis-themed? This... this makes a lot more sense, actually."

And it does. Now that I look again I see a clear line of tall trees. I don't know what kind. Dad's the biologist. They are arranged in an arc too even to have occurred by chance, marking out the entrance in the way that carved stone pillars would on a more classical Greek temple. There are smaller trees forming a circle around them and they act to conceal them in such a way that you don't realise exactly how much taller they are than the rest. Their canopy and the vines I can see running between the trunks block a great deal of the light.

I follow Wonder Woman towards a gap between two of the larger trees. Should I feel something strange here? I have no experience of being affected by magic, but it just looks like a normal wood to me.

If it turns out that the oath isn't anything special I'm actually going to be disappointed.

Oh... what?

We've passed between the taller trees, and now we're in a clearing? There wasn't a clearing. I turn left and right and I can see a vast tree line... it wasn't this big. Right. Pass through the trees and end up somewhere bigger on the inside. I look left again and see that the tree line has a slight curve... Is that... I think I can see me in the distance. I'm looking away... I turn right, and I'm there as well. Experimentally I extend a hand in the opposite direction and see my doppelganger do the same. Feeling a little light headed, I wave at me. Yes, he waves as well. Reminds me of that episode of Star Trek with the floating head nebula thing.

"I realise that this must seem a little strange to you."

"No, no. Yes, but I can cope with a little spatial distortion."

Wonder Woman is giving me a moment to adapt. Maybe this clearing isn't actually all that big? Might be impossible to tell. There's a slight rise in the ground, heading towards a small grove. Wait. I look at the sky. There were grey clouds around before we came in. I come from Britain and so didn't think anything of it. Here, the few clouds are wispy and white, adding to the blueness of the sky with their contrast. I actually feel warm despite my environmental shield, when a hike across the island didn't change my temperature at all. Could it be psychosomatic? Yes, but the Harpy island had more 'hot' indicators. The grass is off as well. Rather than the clumpy overgrown moorland outside it looks like a mowed lawn that has been allowed to get a bit long. There are some low lying flowers -I can see many buttercups- but nothing else except at the top of the hill. I can smell them as well, and from this distance and in this concentration I shouldn't be able to.

I actually can't see the soil through the grass cover. As we start walking towards the grove I realise that I am reminded of the walks I took with my sister and mother through the parks of Eastbourne when I was of primary school age and younger. I suppose there's no reason...

Ring, remove my boots.

My feet feel strange for a moment, and then the boots are gone and I can feel the grass. Dry, slightly springy. The breeze on my feet feels nice, though the temperature hasn't changed. Usually I hate walking barefoot anywhere, but this feels appropriate, somehow, Ooh, that isn't a buttercup. I drop down on all fours to get a better look at it.

"Do you know what this is?"

Wonder Woman has gotten a little ahead of me.

"Uh? No, I don't. Is it important?"

"Probably not. Just curious."

I lean right up to it. I don't remember ever seeing one quite like this.

"Were you planning on moving any further?"

Right! Right. Goodbye, little plant. I get up and jog to catch up with Ms Doesn't-Stop-to-Smell-Flowers. As we continue up the hill I take a good look around. I can't see any other versions of me, so maybe the space bending thing only happens around the exit? The rest of the walk doesn't take long. The grove itself is a circle of short trees with a pool of water at the centre. Their roots appear to have grown into one another, like that old tree in Hampden Park park. I go to step into it, but Wonder Woman puts out an arm to stop me.

"This is one of the most sacred places in Themyscira. It is also my birth place. I understand that you don't worship the gods that I do, but I expect you to be at least respectful of it."

"Of course."

We step into the grove. Though the canopy blocks the light overhead it isn't dim so much as shaded. Wonder Woman kneels in front of the pool.

"Why are you doing that?"

"This is a Temple every bit as much as the stone building of the other gods. A reverential attitude is the appropriate one."

"Reverential? No, not reverential."

"If you're not going to take this-"

"Joyful."

I walk over to one of the trees and place my hands on its bark. It isn't enough. I lean into it, press my cheek against it. Breathe it.

"The life here. The drive to grow, to create verdant existence out of barren earth. Why would I kneel? I want this, it's wonderful!"

She's looking at me strangely. Have I said something wrong?

"That's an... unusual attitude to take."

"Is Gaea here?"

"That question doesn't really make sense. Gaea is everywhere on the Earth."

"Then why is this place so..."

I wave my hands. I'm not really sure what I'm trying to say.

"Her attention is more focused here, due to the blessings she has bestowed on my people. There used to be other places like it, in other parts of the world. There might still be, but this is the only one that I know about."

"Is there a ritual to perform, or do I just say it?"

"There is a traditional ritual, but since you aren't an Amazon all you really need to do is place your hands on the bare soil and state what you are promising."

"Is there likely to be a response from, you know, Gaea herself?"

"Possible, but unlikely. I've spent a great deal of time here and I've only spoken directly to an avatar of Gaea on two occasions."

That must have been amazing.

"So, how do we know if it's worked?"

She breathes out heavily. I guess that while Gaea doesn't really care Wonder Woman wanted reverence.

"It works."

I move next to her, and drop down onto crossed legs. Leaning forwards, I put both hands on the earth. Agh, what was it I was planning on saying?

"In exchange for ownership of Mr Alan Scott's power lantern I agree that for the duration of one year I will do the following: I will obey any non-suicidal orders given by either Diana, Princess of Themyscira, also known as 'Wonder Woman', or by a single individual nominated by her, and I agree that I will not leave this star system of my own volition. I may rescind this oath by returning ownership of the power lantern to Mr Alan Scott."

Nothing happens.

"Was that right?"

"I think you covered everything."

She stands up.

"We should probably get back to New York and see if you can actually use the lantern. If you can, I'll need to work out a training schedule for you."

I grin. Progress!

"Rightyho. Lead the way."

She starts back down the hill, and looks over her shoulder at me.

"Are you..? Are you feeling entirely well?"

"I feel... I feel good, actually."

Oh, that is the best idea ever. When did I last roll down a grass slope? Back in Scout camp when I was twelve? That one camp site that was basically a cliff? Uncomfortable thistles, though. But none of them here! I drop to my stomach and wiggle enough to start moving.

"Weeeeeeee!"

"Orange Lantern, what are you doing?!"

That was fun, but my unevenness has caused me to take a turn and now my feet are pointing downhill rather than across. That used to happen when I was little as well. Okay, I can't roll down like that...

"Ring. Zorb."

I rise into the air as the twin orange spheres form around me. For the first rotation I slide to the bottom of the zorb, but as it picks up speed I stick to the inner layer. Trees! Grass! Sky! Trees! Grass! Sky! Trees! Grass! Wonder Woman! Sky! I'm probably not moving as fast as I feel but the tree line is coming up pretty fast! Wow, this is great! Hey, if I time this right...

The zorb ceases to exist just as I hit the tree line and I'm flung straight forwards back into the woods and what the hell did I just do? Leaves and branches hit me in the face as I frantically trigger the ring to arrest my momentum. I finally stop and drop to the muddy ground, eyes wide. Why did I...? I don't..? What..? I haven't moved a moment later when Wonder Woman flies through and stops in front of me. She looks... relieved?

"I... I am so sorry. I I I I don't..."

"I should have realised. If you've never encountered magic before then you probably don't have any resistance to it. I still feel some of what you just felt whenever I go back there, but you experienced it at full intensity."

"Did I? Is Gaea going to be annoyed about this?"

"It's extremely unlikely."

"I think I'll make a donation to Greenpeace just in case."

As we start back to the jet I try to stay calm. Shit. Ambient magic messes you up. And apparently the ring doesn't block it. Or can't. I'm going to have to try and do something about that.

He kept it in a back room, not the loft. The room has trophy cabinets covered in medal plaques and award certificates. The walls are hung with photographs. Some of them look like newspaper photographs -the originals from the paper, I suppose- while others are group shots of the Society. Some are formal, posed, but others look like they were taken in some sort of social situation. There are bookshelves of photo albums containing photos not notable enough for the walls which share space with notebooks. Were they case note books he used when he first assaulted Gotham's organised crime? Or were they what he used as a reporter?

Wonder Woman left after dropping me off. Mr Scott has offered to put me up at least until she's finished planning what she's going to do with me. I accepted, partly because I don't know of any hotels that would accept gold as payment and partly because I prefer places and people I am at least a little familiar with to those I am not.

The lantern itself should look ridiculous. It's physically a carriage lantern of a sort that went out of use before my granddad was born, and it's emerald green. He had it in a beautifully carved wooden case with what looks like a velvet lining. It's now sitting on the desk in front of me. I've been an atheist ever since I was old enough to realised that adults could be wrong but this, this makes me feel reverential.

I'm starting to feel bad about taking it away from him.

"Well, that's what you came here for. Go ahead, son."

"Don't... might... do you think you should charge your ring first?"

"At my age? Be sensible, kid. What would I use it for?"

"If this works, this may be the last chance you get to ever charge it. Even if you don't intend to use your ring, it's a useful thing to have around."

"I suppose. Show you how its done."

He steps forward and takes the handle of the lantern in his left hand. He holds his right with the ring about ten centimetres away from the funnel. He takes a breath.

"And I shall shed my light over dark evil,
for the dark things cannot stand the light.
The light of the Green Lantern!"

His charisma and radio trained speaking voice actually make it sound impressive. Always looked daft written down. Green light flows from the lantern to his ring, not in a beam but like a flame in the wind, waving and twisting as it moved. As I look I'm not sure whether it's moving into his ring or into him. After a moment or two it shuts off. He looks at his ring, and steps away.

"Fully charged. Not that I think I'll need it. So, ah, how were you planning on changing its color?"

I'm not sure that 'plan' is the word. If this is the Starheart then returning the case should be enough. If this is a normal green lantern I might be able to assimilate it in the same way Larfleeze did people.

"Ring, assess this lantern. Can it be adapted to serve as your charge point?"

"Scanning. Power source compatibility sixty two percent. Damage detected to numerous subsystems.

"Damage?"

"Cause of damage unknown."

"Would repairing the damage help compatibility?"

"Full compatibility and repair can be achieved by full core realignment. Realignment is possible due to existing damage."

I hold out my left hand.

"Ring, realign and repair."

"Avarice insufficient."

Oh, yeah, that.

Mr Scott is letting me do this of his own free will. Heck, he's even got me a teacher. I like the flying. I like the new experiences having this ring has brought me, and I'm looking forward to the experiences I will have in future. I want to ensure my own safety, dependant on no one. I want to live the best way I am capable.

"Ring, realign, repair and recharge."

"Complying."

This time the beam comes from the ring, billowing orange as the ring begins the reconfiguration process. The lantern seems to shimmer and darken. The handle disappears. The funnel shrinks. Four new hand holds appear along the sides, mirroring the orange sigil. The look of it shifts from matte metal to something more technological, glowing visibly from within at several points.

"Realignment and repair complete. Beginning recharge."

The billowing orange energy cuts off. The ring looks duller, visibly almost out of power. The lantern is now dark orange, with lighter parts along the joins.

Then it hits. A bolt of orange energy straight from the glowing core to the ring. I flinch. Should it hurt? It looks like it should. But it doesn't. It feels... right. I should have this power. I deserve this power. It's MINE.

"Welcome to the Orange Lantern Corps. You are Agent... error... processing... you are Orange Lantern two eight one four. Power level at one hundred percent."

"I have to admit, that was impressive. Had any ideas about what'cha gonna do with it yet?"

Hahahahahahahaha!

"One or two, sir. One or two."

Since I have no wish to end up a basket case like Larfleeze I have decided that I need to adopt a philosophical model which will assist in better focusing my avarice without causing me to be consumed by it. Wanting stuff is not by itself bad; I already believe this, and now I need a philosophical system which would suggest how to handle this approach.

A flight to Germany allowed me to pick up Nietzsche's complete works in the original language. The ring doesn't translate the words of the text, but rather translates the meaning of the sentences. It actually makes reading it jolly odd, but the ideas are communicated far more clearly and without the opinion of a human translator getting in the way. On a couple of occasions the translation of a sentence shifted as my understanding of the argument changed. Still not exactly quick going, and the summary I got during my degree covered most of the important points. I already accept the core cause of nihilism: I cannot objectively prove the truth of a particular moral code, and as such I have trouble placing faith in any of them. But if there's no absolute truth and nothing really means anything, why not make it mean whatever you want? It's not like anyone can prove you wrong. Clark Kent proves that a Superman doesn't have to be a monster.

Rousseau is a philosopher I have only encountered on TVTropes before. I don't think that his work will be of much used to me, despite my disbelief in the existence of evil. Maybe elemental evil does exist here, but I will never confuse the self interested actions of people excluded from mainstream society with some vague notion of innately entropic spirituality. I want to enable the avarice of others, channel it in constructive ways. The things someone like Pamela Isley could have achieved if she weren't a murderous lunatic...

I really only know Milarepa from the song. Actual information about his life is available but rather unhelpful. I suppose that since magic is real here he might actually have done the things attributed to him but aside from hunting down one of his followers I'm stuck for a way to find out how his religious teachings are different from default Buddhism. It's a shame because the song implies that he would be exactly what I need to study. The Song 'Invite Them In' exists here, but my internet search reveals that YouTube doesn't exist. Rather, that hole in the market is filled by VidULike.com. I think the name sounds silly but I suppose it's what you're used to.

Hmm.

"If you lose all differentiation between yourselves and others,
fit to serve others you will be.
And when in serving others you will win success,
then shall you meet with me;
And finding me, you shall attain to Buddhahood."

Not exactly Lantern oath stuff, but I can see where he is coming from. If I took the desires of others as my own I could provide an effective public service and use avarice vicariously. I'm just not comfortable with the degree of loss of self that approach would entail. Working towards it would probably weaken me, at least to start with. I think I'm going to have to call him a dead end.

It took a while, but I finally found what I was looking for in Maslow's hierarchy of needs.

That is pretty much perfect. I need to understand both my desires, and those of others, and how they can come together to create something greater. People need these things, and as long as the society they are part of provides them they will generally tow the line. Deny someone, and you have a structural problem that will bite you in the arse.

For myself, most of my basic needs are met. I'm not going to worry about sex just yet, although I suppose prostitutes are an option. Singles bars are as well; thanks to my mining I'm wealthy, reasonably interesting company and my altered body is quite pleasing to the eye if I do say so myself. I don't think mixing alcohol with power rings is a good idea, and I'm loath to take it off for any reason other than excreting. I tried to take a shit while wearing the ring on the ship off harpy island and it is not an experience I wish ever to repeat.

I'm as safe as I'm likely to get in this parallel, and the ring is perfectly capable to repairing my body and excluding disease.

As for belonging? I've been a lot more open with Mr Scott and Wonder Woman than I usually am with people I don't know particularly well. I think I'm trying to build a social ingroup at emergency pace. As far as sexual intimacy goes, I think I'll give it a while. My restricted social contacts and lack of a secret identity will probably mean that I'll be looking inside the super community. I'll just have to see what happens when I start spending time with people.

Family is... not something I've wanted to think about. I've missed work without prior notification. My boss will have tried to phone me, then phoned my emergency contact when I didn't respond. Mum or Dad will have visited my house and not found me. Unless me leaving left some sort of sign, Mum will get steadily more frantic. The one time I stayed out all night as a teenager she only calmed down once Eastbourne District General Hospital assured her that no one matching my description had been brought in to casualty. I don't remember how long it takes before police will investigate an alleged disappearance but I do seem to remember that their policy is that if an adult chooses to walk away from their life then that is their decision. I know I can't do anything about it, but my parents are going to have a really rough time. Move on.

Presumably my esteem will be dealt with when I start going on missions by earning their respect. Having had an opportunity to review the actions of my mentors in both the official reports and amateur video footage I can safely say that they've definitely earned mine.

I'm currently stuck as far as self-actualization goes. I'm still doing things because I need to, not because I have an idea for a way I want to reshape the workings of the universe. The very idea that I could do something like that is a new one.

I hardly dare think it, but would it be possible to create an Orange Corps not of construct-wraiths or crazy people, but of people whose genuine desires match the general good? Is that something I could work towards? I have no idea how practical it is, and there isn't much work I can do towards that goal for the rest of the year. But... I think I want to.

I know I need practise using the ring for greater tasks than hitting things or zorbing. Might as well make it something that's good for the world as well, right? Somehow I went from that statement to the middle of the Pacific Ocean. I'm holding position in the middle of a cloudy ridden sky above the Great Pacific rubbish patch. I can't see a thing. Even my ring enhanced vision isn't showing anything useful because there isn't anything here. At some point the grey sky and grey clouds and grey rain become grey sea full of grey plastic particulates but the only way I can tell where any of those are is the ring's sensors.

Extracting precious metal from asteroids made me rich within the dreams of avarice. Not beyond, obviously, or I wouldn't have been able to do it. The same sort of system should work here. I'm not going to be able to clean the entirety of the world's oceans, but the high concentrations here make it possible to improve the situation.

Mr Scott has actually been surprisingly helpful with regard to construct initiation. I need to focus clearly on why I'm trying to do what I'm doing here, then start the process. Let's see...

This mess is created by humans, and as one I am responsible for dealing with it. I owe Gaea for her help, and cleaning her up a bit will help repay that. I eat fish, and I don't want to eat plastic they ate first. If I finish here I can go somewhere interesting...

I thrust my right hand down at the swirling mess of plastic beneath me. An orange beam extends downwards to just above the water, then spreads out into a vast disk. It's about ten miles across; not enough to remove the whole thing but it's a size I think I can manage. The glow is strong enough that I can actually see it from inside the cloud.

"Give me plastic."

The disk extends down, lengthening into a cylinder. I raise my left hand above me and another orange beam projects from it, with a stream of orange connecting it to the one going down. The connector looks a bit like the proton beam in the Ghostbusters films. As the cylinder filters out the plastic -fish and other sea life should be unaffected- it appears in a mass connected to the upper beam. My OrangeVisionTM lets me see it. Not much so far.

"Work faster, damn it!"

Waaah! The orange glow from below just dramatically increased in luminosity. For just a moment I could see clearly everything around me. I can feel the area of the subaquatic construct expand as it hungrily consumes every bit of plastic it can find. The lump above me visibly swells.

Ring, power level?

Eighty eight percent remaining.

Alright then. Cleaning time.

It's funny. Mum always said that if I put as much work into my school work as I did my hobbies I would go far. What she never understood was that I did. The things relating to my hobbies just stuck in my mind better because they were more interesting. Now, my work and my hobby is the same thing, and rather than making the hobby boring it has made the work interesting.

I don't have access to the full League intelligence database. Batman apparently believes that no connection is secure enough for that sort of information transfer. League members can download from the central archive to a Batman-approved terminal via Batman-approved satellite links, but can only upload by being physically present at one of a very small number of places. Basically, his cave and the Watchtower.

What I have is a slightly out of date copy of the records of currently active criminals with whom the League has had contact. Turns out this version of Matthew Hagen was a failed assassin rather than a failed actor. Dr Victor Fries is a bachelor, and without any of the redeeming qualities that made him an interesting character in Batman: The Animated Series. I suppose real people don't worry about whether an audience will find them interesting or not. I'm going to have to watch out for things like that, people I think I should be able to negotiate with because I think they have a different history to what they actually have.

That's why I've been trying to get more information on Black Adam. Having had a quick look at what is going on in Kahndaq I can only describe it as 'Saddam's Iraq, without his noble self restraint and fair-mindedness'. Unlike my parallel here there was no eleventh of September attack and as such no one has been sufficiently motivated to remove President for Life Asim Muhunnad from power. Oh, he gets condemned at international conventions and there are a load of sanctions, but nothing is going to come of it. If anyone can be said to deserve getting ripped in half in the central square of Shiruta it's him, and I really hope this version of Mighty Adam is more like his comic incarnation than Dr Fries is.

I checked earlier that Theo Adam exists, and Doctors Clarence and Marilyn Batson died at roughly the right time compared with Black Adam's first public appearance for the version I am familiar with to be the one that exists here. Bit of a huge thing to risk though, particularly since I have no idea how to communicate directly with his original personality. Maybe a telepath or magic user?

The database lacks entries on the Anti-Monitor, Atrocitus, Thraal Sinestro, Manhunter Androids and Krona. Someone isn't sharing. Again, I can't assume that the Guardians are the arseholes they are in the comics, but the more they look like they might be the stronger my negotiating position. Nothing on Larfleeze either, which means I can't confirm what I think I know. Oa gets a mention but Maltus doesn't. The few long terms plans I've come up with so far are rather reliant on the Controllers being where I think they should be and being pleased to see me. A bit optimistic perhaps, but I think planning for the best scenario is nearly as important as planning for the worst. Always be ready to seize an opportunity. Nothing on the Darkstars but I don't remember much about them other than the fact that a load of former Lanterns joined them after Lantern Jordan destroyed the Green Corps.

No entry on Darkseid, or anything on the other New Gods. Nothing on Apokalyps -or however it's supposed to be spelt- or New Genesis. Given the relative youth of the League here they probably haven't had any contact with them. I'd offer what I know but I can't risk giving them the wrong information.

Just in case my memory isn't up to the task of holding all of this information I've had the ring download a copy. I'll try and get it a full copy at the earliest opportunity. It's not like anyone on Earth can hack a power ring.

Finding a gun in the United States is exactly as hard as I thought it would be. Buying a decent one on the other hand is going to be nearly impossible. I have no background to check and no passport to present. I can't even prove that I'm in the country legally. Certainly there are places I could go to pick one up illegally but I doubt getting one at all is going to go over well with my mentors. I'd rather stay as much within the bounds of the law as I can.

I do want one, though. Just as a backup in case I have to fight something ring proof or if I run out of power in a combat zone. Lantern Jack Chance would have been a dead man if he hadn't kept his gun after his recruitment and that particular piece of outside the emerald box thinking earned him my admiration.

I don't know much about guns, but I believe that revolvers are more mechanically reliable than magazine based pistols. I neither need nor want a large calibre weapon. Spare ammunition or 'fast-loaders' would be similarly pointless. This weapon is to cover my retreat, not initiate an attack.

Maybe I can get Mr Scott to buy one on my behalf? I suppose he might already own one, it didn't occur to me to ask. I don't remember anything from the comics about his attitude to firearms, but I hope that he is rational enough to realise that if you trust someone with a power ring you'd sound a bit silly saying that they can't have a gun due to how dangerous it is.

The other part of the gun issue is training. I can count on the fingers of one hand the number of occasions on which I have seen an actual gun in my life and I've never fired anything more dangerous than a low powered air rifle. I don't remember where I first heard the phrase 'a weapon you don't know how to use is a weapon that belongs to your enemy', but I am inclined to believe it.

Which is why I'm now standing in the West Side Pistol and Rifle Range being shown how to load what I'm told is a Smith & Wesson Model 63 .22 revolver by a chap named Christopher. It's past their normal closing but a combination of uniform and gold bought me a few private sessions. He wasn't exactly impressed by my choice of weapon but I pointed out that a) I'd never touched a gun before and b) there was no human produced gun that equalled my power ring he dropped the subject. He insisted that I wear earmuffs and goggles, despite me pointing out that the ring would not allow me to be deafened or blinded.

Oh, great, the comedian has decided to put up an alien shooting range target. Very funny. Alright, eight bullets loaded, safety off, feet planted, both hands on the gun, aim, trigger.

Yep, that's loud. After the first shot the ring glows and the sound of the second shot drops to nearly nothing while other sounds are amplified. I can actually hear the rustle of the target paper as the second bullet takes the target in the seventh tentacle. After the third shot clips the target the ring gives up on my aiming and gives me an augmented reality view of where the shot is most likely to go. I focus on my goals and it disappears. The whole point of this is to learn to fight without ring assistance. The rest of the bullets follow -more or less- in the direction of the first, and Christopher pulls the lever to reel in the target. Not too bad, though the distance was short. Three in the central area, and all of the other five hit the paper somewhere. Guess all that time spent playing Time Crisis wasn't a complete waste.

Christopher is less impressed. Apparently I'm over-correcting and worse, holding the gun too tightly. I'm also holding it too low and my arms are just generally wrong. And so are my legs. No, they actually don't teach this stuff in Lantern school.

Okay. I take a stance he is less unhappy with. Open the revolving bit, gently tip the spent... urm, bullet left over thingys... onto the counter, reload, shut it back up again raise it -higher? Like this?-, aim, and fire.

Better this time? Oh? Well, your ten year old probably has more experience than me.

7th July 2010
Late morning.

"How fast that time?"

Wonder Woman looks up from her stopwatch.

"I don't think The Flash has to worry about his job security."

"That's hardly a fair comparison; he has an opt out on the laws of physics. How about Superman, or you, or something."

"Your best time so far is about a quarter of what I can do. Without straining."

"Whaw I suck."

"It's not that bad."

"How about compared to the other Lanterns?"

"I'm not sure. I haven't flown with them that often."

That reminds me, I do need to ask about them. "Have the Green Lanterns said anything about me?"

"Are you expecting them to?"

"I was expecting to get stuck in a science cell, actually."

"Why?"

"The Guardians' deal with Larfleeze is that he doesn't leave the Vega Systems and they don't send Lanterns to the Vega Systems. I don't think they ever expected to encounter Orange Lanterns outside that area, and they don't usually respond well to things they didn't expect."

"Sorry to disappoint, but neither of them have been back to Earth since you arrived."

Neither? "I... pretty sure I detected three Green Lanterns when I first got here."

She looks down for a moment. "The other Green Lantern-"

"Lantern Gardner." She looks at me. "Come on, he doesn't even wear a mask. That's like not knowing who you are."

"Lantern Gardner is not a member of the League. As such, I have no idea whether or not he knows anything about you."

"Is there a particular reason why he isn't a member? He's not... that bad."

"He got his ring shortly after the League was founded. We might have included him in the first expansion were it not for the fact that he was in a coma at the time."

"What happened to him?"

"He was hit by a bus."

Huh?

"What?"

"I'm not sure exactly what happened, but he wasn't wearing his ring at the time and so was injured like any normal person would have been."

For God's sake, Guy.

"He regained consciousness earlier this year. He might still end up joining the League, depending on his duties to the Corps."

"He was in a coma for three years? My understanding was that injuries like that usually included some sort of lasting brain damage."

"I honestly don't know how well he's recovered. I've never worked with him. I would have thought that if the damage were significant then he would no longer be able to use his ring, and I know that he can."

I remember that in the comics he ended up switching between nice but weak Guy and mean but strong Guy whenever he hit his head. I'm fairly certain that such a condition has no basis in medicine.

Alright, I'm flying slowly, presumably because I don't care about going fast. It's the same problem as when I was in space: one patch of coastline is much like another unless you're right next to it, and when I'm that close I want to explore, not zoom past. I have to want it more.

"I think the problem with my airspeed is that I don't want it enough."

"Why don't you want to go faster?"

"Because it's abstract. By going faster all I achieve is a different number on the stopwatch. It doesn't matter. Competing against my own speed just doesn't..."

"What if you were competing against me?"

Mmmmm. I'm not that competitive, but maybe. "That might work."

She thinks for a moment. "The coast of Turkey is about twenty miles to the north of here."

"Loser buys lunch? I have been wondering where you carry things in that armour."

"On this world we have these things called 'credit cards'. They are convenient to carry and can be used to pay for things in many places. I keep mine in my left boot."

Ppppffffffff.

"Okay then, go on thre- HEY NO FAIR!"

I shoot forwards after her. Instinctively I assume the swimmer pose, arms tucked tight against my side, legs back and feet turned sole upwards. OrangeVision marks her position ahead of me, the compass points and the horizon. I'm gaining on her.

You're not going to have so easy a time of it.

Just as I come up alongside her she accelerates again. Holding back!

Don't mock me, I don't need your consideration.

Her relative acceleration drops, stops, then becomes negative. Gaining again! I can taste the pide!

And she's pulling away again.

Alright, fuck it, I'm winning this. It's a stupid pointless race with no consequence but I want it Want It WANT IT.

The sea blurs. The islands blur. I blink and I'm past Wonder Woman.

!Need!

Faster!

I risk a look back and I see an orange trail. Eyes forwards I see that my normal environmental shield has expanded and is far thicker at the front.

Faster!

OrangeVision marks the coastline. Not far now!

Faster!

The shield in front of me is damn near matte orange. I can see through the sides, but there's some sort of distortion in the air. Oh wait, is that..?

Baghuahlhahrhal!

Shield shield shield!

Uh!

Ow!

Argh!

Bwah!

Ow!

I come to rest in a furrow of soil, rock and tree. Araaahaah.

Everything seems to be intact. Uhh.

I gingerly push up on my hands, and then rise to my feet.

Shiiiiit...

I've... I think I clipped a section of cliff. An otherwise solid line of frontage has a chunk that just isn't there anymore. I can see where I hit the ground, bounced, and then hit again. Thank god there was no one around. There... There wasn't, right?

"Ring, scan for organic remains."

"No deceased or damaged animal life detected. Unable to calculate dentritic remains."

"Den what?"

"Tree parts."

Hahhhh. I breathe out. Picking my way back towards the unruined part of the cliff I survey the damage. Looks like a donation to the Turkish forestry commission is in order. And the tourist board. I shakily sit down and await Wonder Woman's arrival. I'm going to either need lots of practise not losing control when I create a sonic boom, or maybe just restrict myself to travelling that fast above a certain altitude. Pressure build up shouldn't be a problem on the edge of the atmosphere. Or maybe the ring can keep me just below the speed where it happens?

OrangeVision shows me Wonder Woman before I can see her unaided. I raise my right hand and create an orange sigil over my head. She comes in fast, then slows to survey the damage.

"No one... No one was hurt, but I'd rather not do that again."

"What happened?"

"I wanted to go faster, as fast as possible. I wasn't prepared for the sonic boom and lost control."

She nods, and comes down to land next to me.

"Are you sure you're alright?"

"Yeah. Yeah, the ground broke my fall."

She gives me a flat look. I giggle.

"I'm fine. Really. As long as I desire my own well-being the ring will put me back together."

"Try not to test it so thoroughly in the future."

I raise my hands and nod. "No fear." I look along the shoreline. Craters aside, its really quite pretty. "So, lunch?"

7th July 2010
Early afternoon

"I think that's my first federal offence."

The jewellery merchant and I look at the smouldering remains of the bundle of one hundred dollar notes in my right hand.

"What? How did..? Those were perfectly legitimate notes, honest!"

I don't know what just happened. I finally got round to selling some of my metal for money I could conveniently spend, and as soon as I picked it up, wompf.

"I'm sure they were. Would you please bear with me a moment? I need to have a chat with the ring."

"You go right ahead."

Ring, what the hell just happened?

Ring acted in accordance with the user's contempt.

Contempt?

Avarice is the desire to possess a thing. Contempt represents a desire not to possess a thing. You have contempt for local currency. By regarding it as less than valueless you indicate to this ring that gaining it would diminish your net worth. This is in contradiction to the avaricious principle of the orange light.

This is what I get for studying financial philosophy.

Ring, can I turn this effect off?

Only by learning to value the thing you currently regard as possessing entropic value.

How about a debit card?

Unknown. Result is likely to be the same, but accurate prediction is impossible without further data.

Fiddlesticks.

I know why I have contempt for cash. The recent -in my parallel- financial collapse resulted in me learning a great deal about the way in which money really works. And it's mental. Value based on confidence in future buying power I can sort of accept. Debt based currencies seem like a bad idea, but they do work, until all growth is debt based and suddenly it seems that everyone owes everyone. Including themselves, as the customers of newly nationalised banks were quick to discover. And somehow you end up with the same money being in three different bank accounts and no one really understands who owns anything. Except that whoever they are they have made a loss for tax purposes.

Gold may tend to keep its value relative to other commodities, but even if it doesn't then at the end of the day you have a metal which still has industrial uses. Same with platinum. I had realised the disquiet the whole thing made me feel, I just hadn't realised that it would ever have this sort of practical effect.

I turn back to the jewellery merchant. Her name is Paola, and she had such high hopes for this meeting. Looks like I'll have to disappoint her.

"I'm sorry, but it seems that... for theological reasons... I am unable to accept any payments in fiat currency."

She deflates a little more.

"Would a treasury bond certificate work?"

"Thank you for the thought, but probably not. And I don't think risking it is a good idea. Look, that-"

I indicate the ashes.

"-was about two gold coins worth, right? Please, keep them. I would hate for you to be out of pocket over this."

We shake hands and I leave the shop. That is going to make life a little difficult. With one thing and another the amount of gold I have on me has noticeably decreased. I'm going to need to go back to the asteroid belt to pick up the rest of my reserves soon, but I don't really want to do that until I know where I'm going to be living in the medium term. Wonder Woman said that she would have an answer for me this evening. If it turns out that she expects me to live in a cave in Themysciran territorial waters...

Huh. I very nearly literally don't have any choice in the matter. Bit liberating, really. Only one thing left on my 'To Do' list and then I need to sort out what I'm cooking the three of us for dinner. Pudding is my signature chocolate cheesecake with orange custard but that's already in the fridge back at Mr Scott's house.

I may not have a lot of skills applicable to my current situation but I'm darn well going to use the ones that I do have.

7th July
Mid afternoon

I'm floating in the sky over Central City, hoping that crossing the last item off my list won't be too difficult. Personal protective gear was my first priority when I returned to Earth after my mining expedition, but the bike gear I'm wearing was only ever supposed to be a short term solution. There are probably many people who could make the equipment that I want, but I only know one name and Mr Scott couldn't help. He never bothered with specialist gear himself and every name he knew retired long ago. I suppose that I could ask Wonder Woman if there was a smith on Themyscira would could enchant something to my specifications but given my last encounter with magic, I think I'll leave that for plan b.

The name I have is a G or a B and he makes the apparel of the Central City Rogues. Presumably if he's still in business then his name isn't known to the police. Which means that the only way I can think of for getting the name and address of the Rogues' supplier is to directly ask one of them.

A swift review of my supervillain related files reveals that I will want to avoid Mirror Master, The Trickster, The Top and Abra Kadabra. They are either too dangerous or have abilities I can't properly predict. Pied Piper seems like a good bet if his character is anything like his comic incarnation but I don't want to take the risk with a guy known for mind control. While none of the remaining members should be underestimated, I think that the safest to approach is probably Digger Harkness aka Captain Boomerang. Heh, Captain Harkness. Oh, I wonder if Doctor Who exists here? Have to check later.

Captain Boomerang got out of prison a week ago after serving eighteen months for armed robbery. It would have been longer if he'd used a gun but apparently the judge couldn't take a fellow armed with bent bits of wood entirely seriously. I sort of understand how he felt. I can only speculate how he manages to threaten The Flash badly enough to warrant inclusion in the Rogues at all. My best approach is probably to pose as a neophyte supervillain, use a little flattery and bribe money. After all, being a failed armed robber can't pay that well. And with that decision I utter probably the strangest instruction any Lantern has ever given their power ring.

"Ring, scan Central City for boomerangs. Exclude all toy and sport accessory shops."

"Boomerangs found."

"Give me an image of the area around the highest concentration."

An orange image appears in front of me. Looks like a bar. At this time of day not many people are inside but I can clearly see Mr Harkness on a stool in front of the bar itself. He is alone, and appears to be nursing his drink. One platinum coin should pay his bar bill without hindering my finances to any significant degree. Even better, he'll probably recognise it. Surprising how many people assume that it's silver. Must be the association with gold.

"Ring, plot parabolic flight path."

The ring makes no audible response, but a moment later I can feel the route, as well as its suggestions for avoiding the level of notice that touching down in the middle of the street would attract. Top of building then down fire escape it is.

Flight isn't an uncommon ability amongst metahumans and related oddities, but the only regular flier in Central City is Weather Wizard and he isn't particularly good at it. Perhaps some people see me as I make what is basically an exaggerated long jump over their heads, but I doubt that they think much of it. Onto the flat topped roof -must leak terribly-, reorientate, walk over to the metal fire escape, down, and out of the alley onto the street. I'm back in casual clothing so I don't attract much attention.

Minimum age for alcohol consumption in the US is twenty one, right? I'm not certain I could pass as that, and I don't have any paperwork to prove my age. Doesn't matter, I wasn't planning to drink here anyway. I push open the door. There's a television I didn't notice in the corner playing news of the aftermath of some sort of local super hero fight. A flash of OrangeVision confirms that aside from a shotgun behind the bar only Mr Harkness is armed. I walk over and occupy the stool next to him. He glances at me before returning his attention to his drink.

"What'd'you want?"

He sounds bored. Do random people walk up to him a lot? Do supervillains have fans? Not just crazy types like Dr Quinzel who obsess over their subjects, but actual rational admirers?

"Directions to your tailor, actually."

He frowns, but doesn't look up.

"Come a long way for a suit, ain't ya?"

"Says the Australian."

Nothing.

"You know, I heard a joke about that. If you hear someone speak, and you can't tell whether they're an Australian or a New Zealander, always guess New Zealander. If they're actually from New Zealand they'll be dead chuffed that you thought of it before Australia, and if they're from Australia they'll just laugh."

Nothing. Now I feel really awkward.

"Um, no, ah, not for a suit. There's a place in Vietnam I go to, they taken your measurements and run the things up while you get lunch. I was referring to your other clothing."

That gets me another glance. Appraising? Irritated? I can't tell. I'm rubbish at facial expressions, and the ring can't really help.

"Look, I don't need another bleedin' reportah-."

I open my right hand on the bar, palm up, and create a rotating orange sigil.

"Ah. Now, how the hell d'y do that?"

"Power ring. Same as what the Green Lanterns use. I prefer my colour scheme, though." I dismiss the construct.

He appears to consider. "Where'd'ya get it then?"

"The Green Corps is run by the Guardians. The Orange Corps is run by the Controllers. They really don't get on. This sector already has three Greenies -four if the guy from the forties is still alive- so, here I am."

"Yew on Earth to pick a fight?"

I shrug, both arms adding emphasis. "Depends on how things go."

"Yew plannin' on starting something here in Central City?"

"No no. Just here to shop for clothes. I'm probably not even going to be working in this city."

He looks at my hand, and pulls what is probably his contemplative face. "Yeyh, a'right." He waves at the barmaid. "Oi, Jessie, paper and pen."

The barmaid puts down a glass she had been cleaning, pulls a sheet off her waitressing notepad and passes it over with her pen. Mr Harkness scrawls something and passes it over. Fortunately, my boss' handwriting is worse.

"Tell 'im Digger sent you."

Gambi. Paul Gambi. That was his name.

"Thank you. I appreciate it." I get up. Wait... "Oh, I'm sorry. I'm a bit new at this." I reach into my leg bag, take out a platinum coin and place it on the bar in front of him. "Would you accept a more practical demonstration of my gratitude?"

He squints. "Not silver."

"You know, you're the first person whose realised that straight out? Platinum, about two thousand dollars worth."

He picks it up delicately with let thumb and forefinger. "I'd'a heard about a theft."

"I broke no Earthly law getting it. Please, have a few rounds on me."

He comes close to smiling. "A'right. Cheers mate."

I nod to him, and then turn and leave. I doubt that Mr Gambi will be able to provide me with the armour I want today but I should be able to get measured up and select materials at least. Ideally, he'll have some standard armour lying around that I can adapt in the meantime. I don't want power armour at this stage -since Steel isn't active I doubt that there is anything on Earth that measures up to what I can get off it- but I do want something that can reliably stop low calibre bullets. Beyond the stuff I know of from my own parallel I don't know what might be available on the grey market here, but from what I remember Mr Gambi is a basically honest guy and will probably be able to talk me through it.

8th July
Morning

My sleep cycles are a mess. I usually wake up at six o'clock and go to bed at around eleven. Not only am I no longer on Greenwich Mean Time, but I've been spending time in different time zones and I think the ring is doing something to keep me alert when I would normally start to feel tired. As such, the knowledge that this is the day on which I meet my new team didn't keep me up last night. That fact just joined in with all of the other things. At about two o'clock I gave up on sleep and tried meditating. I remembered that in Justice League Animated John Stewart had been able to call his ring to his hand from several metres away, so I placed the ring on the palm of my left hand and tried to empty my mind of everything but my Hierarchy of Needs.

When my alarm went off I was sitting in the air, cross legged and glowing orange with the ring floating between my outstretched hands. When I became aware of this I fell out of the air onto my bum with some force. Still, it demonstrates that physical contact is not an essential component of ring control. Even better, the experience left me physically and mentally refreshed. Bruised posterior aside.

Breakfast was porridge with caster sugar. Alan -I now have first name privileges- doesn't use my preferred golden syrup and I would have felt silly flying to Britain to get some. My one attempt at interacting with an American supermarket left me distinctly unsettled, like a rabbit that leaves the burrow through the wrong entrance and finds itself inside the arena at a destruction derby. Smaller shops I can handle, such as the butchers and greengrocers where I got the materials for last night's Shepherds Pie, and I will make an effort to try to get to know the staff at the shops around wherever my new team is based.

Both he and Wonder Woman seemed surprised when I requested that Alan accompany us. The way I see it, giving his lantern to me marks me as his designated successor and the very least I can do for him is let him see me get properly started. Plus, I think he will enjoy meeting some of the current generation. The idea that I will have someone to speak in my favour if the League's Green Lanterns -who will be there- become hostile is also reassuring. It also gives him the opportunity to use his ring again on official business, something he seems happy about.

I think we were all surprised that he still fits in his old costume. I'm in my light armour. Turns out that Paul Gambi doesn't actually sell armour. He literally just does bespoke tailoring for supervillains. Luckily his bother Peter Gambi does have a line in personal protective equipment, and he was willing to put me in touch. I've got an appointment with him in Metropolis in a couple of days. I'm also bringing my lantern with me. Alan gave me the box he kept it in so that I would have somewhere to put it. I'm using the ring to add straps to carry it with.

Thinking about it rationally, I realise that I will probably be at the older end of the age range. Kyle Rayner would have been... what? Seven years younger than me when he got his ring, and he still ended up in... What were they called at the time? The Titans? Kathryn Kane -Batwoman- was younger than I am now when she started. Renee Montoya might have been older when she became The Question, but she had years of police experience. I hope there's at least a couple of other adults; it'll be weird if it's all teenagers.

I suppose I shouldn't be too insulted if it is all teenagers. They'll probably have been doing this sort of thing for years.

Our base of operations is going to be the newly refurbished Mount Justice facility in a place called Happy Harbour. I vaguely remember something about the early Justice League operating out of a mountain from a comic, but it was a modern addition to earlier stories and what I remember from it doesn't seem to match what I am now seeing.

It's about half seven in the morning when Wonder Woman parks her jet in a field overlooking the town. Alan makes a point of stretching when we get out. He hasn't actually activated his ring yet, though I can see the glow. I think it must have been low on power when I first saw it because there is no way not to notice the green light now. It's like a small green portal gun or something, energy wafting around the spout but never fully leaving.

The field is basically empty, but a small road runs next to it. No animals, and it doesn't look like there's a crop planted or grass harvested. Maybe she owns it? She was on the League when they worked out of the mountain so she must have parked the jet somewhere. I can see the mountain over on our left. Not much of a mountain, really. The lower parts are covered in trees and they continue up in parts to the summit. Bah, I've been up Snowdon. That is a jumped up Justice Hill.

Wonder Woman leads the way to the edge of the field and... a phone booth? A full get-in-and-shut-the-door phone booth? I can't remember the last time I saw one of those, the rise of the mobile pretty much killed them off. And who uses it out here?

Oh, I'm being stupid.

OrangeVision.

Yep, lots of circuitry and other gubbins I don't understand. So, this is a zeta tube. I stop walking.

"Oh, hell no. I've seen Star Trek. Those things are not safe."

They both look at me. Wonder Woman sighs.

"The League has been using zeta tubes since its founding. They are quite safe."

"It's all fun and games until your eye gets teleported to Poughkeepsie."

"That can't happen."

"Or into my face. I like my eyes."

She take a breath, one hand resting on her hip.

"I don't think they've finished the ground level access yet. We closed them all off with rubble when we abandoned Mount Justice the first time."

"Is there really no other way in?"

She is about to answer, then pauses.

"There is a sea entrance."

"Sea entrance is good."

"We built it for Aquaman. The external end is about two miles out to sea. "

"And I need to test my environmental shield underwater."

"Some of us don't have power rings."

"I can extend the shield over you. Or make a bubble around the three of us."

Alan looks amused by the fuss I'm making.

"I can shield myself, thank you very much."

Or possibly at Wonder Woman's irritation. I have no intention of getting involved with that piece of mad science if I can possibly help it, but it would be intelligent to make my argument in a less confrontational way.

"We're here early anyway. You said the meeting was at eight, right?"

"Yes."

"Have you ever used the sea entrance yourself?"

"Not while conscious."

Okay...

"Then this is a great chance to see what it looks like."

She exhales. "I understand that you are concerned about using a new technology, but League members use these every day. You will most likely have to use these on your missions."

"Tell you what. We'll use the sea entrance this time, and I'll spend tomorrow going over the safety records and design schematics. If I can't find any evidence that backs up my concerns, I'll use them without complaint."

"Very well. We'll use the water entrance." She lifts off the ground. I follow. Alan remains were he is. Wonder Woman smiles. "You do remember how it works, don't you?"

"Yeah, yeah, it's... Been a while, though." A ghostly green flame aura surrounds him and he rises to join us. "Might be a bit rusty to start with. Try not to leave me behind too badly."

"Don't worry. My Granddad used to walk slower than the rest of the family. I'm used to it."

He perks up. "Used to? Did he start jogging or something?"

Internal wince. Can't think of a way to avoid answering.

"No, he um. He died. Sorry."

Why did I say that I am such an idiot. My hands rise to my face and I start to nervously giggle.

Alan and Wonder Woman look at me, then at each other. Then they start laughing.

"Well I hope I'm not that out of practise."

Ring, scan for the damn entrance.

8th July
08:04 GMT -5

We break the surface in a plume of water.

"Alright, I admit, not as interesting as advertised."

I dismiss the environmental shield from around Wonder Woman and drift to the edge of the inner pool. She and Alan come down behind me, and I stop to let her lead the way.

"... calling it into service again, since you four are determined to stay together to fight the good fight. You'll do it on League terms."

I can just about hear someone talking. Low pitch. No idea where it's coming from. These caves are bouncing the sound around too much.

"Red Tornado volunteered to live here and be your supervisor. Black Canary's in charge of training. I will deploy you on missions."

"Orange Lantern, in accordance with the terms of your oath to Gaea I nominate Batman as the other individual whose orders you must obey."

Is that Batman's voice? Much easier to understand than the Christian Bale version.

"Rightyho."

"You realise that because of that detour we're late."

"Sorry."

"Here, it doesn't really matter. If you arrive late on a mission, people can die."

"Yes sir."

"Civilians. Your team mates. You."

"Yes sir."

A flicker of green in the corner of my eye draws my attention. I look up as a Green Lantern who must be Harold Jordan flies overhead carrying something big and mechanical looking in a glowing green hand. The hand is being projected directly from his ring. I've been using this ring for three days and I've already learned not to do that.

I can't believe Sinestro didn't teach him better than that.

He's seen us as well. He stops in the air, staring at me. I think about waving, but decide that it's probably inappropriate. He looks decidedly unhappy to see me. I reflexively strengthen my environmental shield. Just in case.

Then Alan steps forward. "Morning, Hal!"

Green two eight one four A nearly drops his construct. "Mister Sc... erm, Alan! Hi! We weren't... I wasn't expecting you."

"Thought I'd see the boy in on his first day. Especially when he keeps telling me that he's surprised I haven't dropped dead yet."

That's not what I...ugh.

I wince. Wonder Woman catches my eye and nods in the direction Lantern Jordan just came from. We walk away as he and Alan keep talking. Nice to know he gives Alan respect face to face, even if he couldn't be bothered to fix his lantern for him.

"The six of you will be that team."

We're getting closer to wherever Batman is. Since this is an actual induction, there are probably other League members around, working on other parts of the building. I'm a bit impressed that they have the knowledge to build their own bases, but I suppose they can't really hire people to do it. I remember all of the operation staff there were in Justice League Unlimited. Massive security risk.

"Cool! Wait, six?"

We exit the tunnel and enter another large cavern. I suffer a brief nerdgasm as I identify The Flash, Batman, Aquaman, Black Canary, Hawkman and Red Tornado. I wonder if he's the elemental/robot hybrid version, or the pure robot from the cartoons? Since Wonder woman had never heard of Rann, probably the latter. My future team mates appear to be Kid Flash -the Wallace West version-, Superboy, a tough looking black guy with bleached hair and a short, black haired guy. Probably a Robin, given that Batman's here. Yep, all teenagers.

Martian Manhunter and Miss Martian walk towards the cluster of people from the direction of what I assume is the zeta beam base station. Batman flicks his gaze in our direction for a moment, but everyone else is watching the Martians.

"This is the Martian Manhunter's niece, Miss Martian."

She waves, nervously. "Hi?"

"And that-"

Batman turns back toward me, and this time everyone turns with him. Still haven't quite reached them so I can clearly see everyone stare. Gulp.

"-is Orange Lantern, protege of the original Green Lantern."

Chin up.

"Sorry I'm late, sir. I'm afraid that I took some horror stories about teleportation rather to heart and asked to come in by the sea entrance."

Kid Flash looks at me for a moment, and then decides he'd rather talk to the green girl. "Welcome aboard. I'm Kid Flash! And this is the -slightly extended- gang."

Another look at me. They all already know each other, don't they. Definite ingroup intrusion vibe. Might as well introduce myself properly.

"Robin." I nod. "Kid Flash. Miss M'orzz. Superboy. And... I'm sorry, I've got no idea who you are." I extend my right hand to the black guy.

He takes it. "I am Kaldur'ahm. My code name is Aqualad."

"Orange Lantern two eight one four. Pleased to meet you all."

I'm not the biggest Aquaman fan, but wasn't Aqualad white? Went on to become Tempest? I think his name was Garth, or Gareth, or something. Another difference.

Kid Flash squints at me. "Hey, wait a second. Orange Lantern? How many Lantern colors are there?"

I turn to him. "That I know about? Nine. Though, logically I... I suppose you could make one of any colour."

"Nine?!"

Robin puts a hand on his shoulder. "Try to stay whelmed, Kid."

Whelmed? "Whelmed?"

Kid Flash winces. "Don't."

*Renegade - Option A*

I dismiss the environmental shield from around Wonder Woman and drift to the edge of the inner pool. She comes down behind me, and I stop to let her lead the way.

"... calling it into service again, since you four are determined to stay together to fight the good fight. You'll do it on League terms."

I can just about hear someone talking. Low pitch. No idea where it's coming from. These caves are bouncing the sound around too much.

"Red Tornado volunteered to live here and be your supervisor. Black Canary's in charge of training. I will deploy you on missions."

"Orange Lantern, in accordance with the terms of your oath to Gaea I nominate Batman as the other individual whose orders you must obey."

Is that Batman's voice? Much easier to understand than the Christian Bale version.

"Right."

"You realise that because of that detour we're late."

"Sorry sir."

"Here, it doesn't really matter. If you arrive late on a mission, people can die."

"Yes sir."

"Civilians. Your team mates. You."

"Yes sir."

A flicker of green in the corner of my eye draws my attention. I look up as a Green Lantern who must be Harold Jordan flies overhead carrying something big and mechanical looking in a glowing green hand. The hand is being projected directly from his ring. I've been using this ring for three days and I've already learned not to do that.

I can't believe Sinestro didn't teach him better.

He's seen us as well. He stops in the air, staring at me. I think about waving, but decide that it's probably inappropriate. He looks decidedly unhappy to see me. I reflexively strengthen my environmental shield. Just in case.

Maybe asking Mr Scott to come along would have been a good idea.

Lantern Jordan lowers himself to the floor in front of me, and deposits his load on the ground. He crosses his arms in front of his chest. "So, you're an Orange Lantern."

My eyes flick to Wonder Woman for a moment, but no. I knew this was coming, I will deal with it myself. "Orange Lantern two eight one four, sir. Pleased to meet you."

"There's nothing pleasing about it. Why don't you tell me where you really got that ring?"

"This ring? This ring was made for me by a group of Leprechauns. They forged it from the concentrated avarice given off during the grand opening of the Ikea superstore in London. Beware the Vikings, Green Lantern. They will flat pack your life. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm late for an appointment."

*Renegade - Option B*

"This is the Martian Manhunter's niece, Miss Martian."

She waves, nervously.

"Hi?"

"And that-"

Batman turns back toward me, and this time everyone turns with him. Still haven't quite reached them so I can clearly see everyone stare. Gulp.

"-is Orange Lantern, protege of the original Green Lantern."

Chin up.

"Sorry I'm late, sir. I'm afraid that I took some horror stories about teleportation rather to heart and asked to come in by the sea entrance."

Kid Flash looks at me for a moment, and then decides he'd rather talk to the green girl.

"Welcome aboard. I'm Kid Flash! And this is the -slightly extended- gang."

The ring told me that moving faster than light in an atmosphere was perfectly safe, so long as I have the course fully programmed in advance.

There is a momentary orange flare, then I'm next to Kid Flash with an arm around his shoulder. I'm both taller and more heavily muscled than he is, and he starts at my presence and then freezes.

Yeah. Guess who isn't the fastest guy on the team.

"I'm so sorry, Kid Flash. Would you have preferred it if I'd padded my bra?"

*Episode 03*: Welcome to Happy Hour

18th July
10:37 GMT -5

"What I'm saying is, they accidentally took a guy from the wrong planet. That doesn't sound very safe to me."

M'gann and I are in the kitchen area. Finding out that despite her appearance she is actually forty eight was quite a relief. Someone I can talk to! Aqualad is sixteen but I've got no idea whether that counts as adult or not in his country. Superboy came out of his pod on the day I got the ring. He looks physically adolescent, but his mental development is all over the place. I had an interesting conversation with him about 'Human, All Too Human' a couple of days ago. His analysis of some of the aphorisms was interesting, but when he spoke it sounded like he was reading out something someone else had written. When I questioned him about it he got in a mood and stomped off. If we're going to live together I'll have to watch myself to make sure I don't push his buttons like that.

"Uncle J'onn says that that can't happen again."

"Of course it can't; he's already here."

She giggles. "No, I mean the safety systems have been improved since Dr. Erdel's experiment. There has to be a tube at each end, and they check the signal integrity before sending whoever is inside."

I've got a construct whisk whisking the mango custard. I'm on dinner duty this evening and I've decided to try my mango meringue cake on a captive audience. People at work seemed to like it. The construct has four whisk bits and as it has no actual mechanical components is virtually silent. I've kept the basic shape though, since I'm used to it and the handle is convenient. The one I made for work had two layers. This one will have three. Partly because I want to push my baking skills, and partly because I want there to be some left for the rest of us when Kid Flash has finished. He says that he has a fast metabolism as a result of his speed, but I don't think that can be right. He can run at the speed of sound; there is no way a human body can ingest enough to fuel that in the conventional way. On the other hand, he isn't gaining weight, so, I don't know.

Cooking for and being cooked for by apprentice superheroes is an interesting experience. M'gann goes for traditional American food, though yesterday she branched out into Tex-Mex. I pretty much flip through a recipe book until I find something that looks interesting, though when it comes to pudding I currently have a bit of a custard fixation. When he's actually here Kaldur does baked fish with various kinds of seaweed. It isn't as bad as it sounds. Superboy does Beef Stroganoff and poached pears. He does them well, but it appears to be all he knows how do to. I watched him once, and he put everything he needed out on the work surface in a very particular arrangement before starting. Cooked the whole thing in a fugue state, unresponsive when I tried to ask him about it.

One morning M'gann tried to help him make pancakes. I'm not sure exactly what happened, but I ended up having to remove burned pancake mix from the work surfaces, floor and his forearms with the ring.

Kid Flash actually looked distraught when he turned up last Friday evening and I told him I didn't know the number of the local pizzeria.

"But do they check the integrity of the thing checking the integrity?"

"There is at least one level of redundancy built in to each system, an automatic remote daily system check and a service each month." I stop and look at her. She simpers. "I read the manual."

"Good. I'm glad someone has."

The custard is mixed. I won't add the mango puree until it's started to get stodgy. I eliminate the whisk construct and watch as the custard mix coating it falls into the bowl. I put it in the microwave, one hundred percent power, four minutes.

"Are zeta tubes common on Mars?"

"No, we don't use them at all. Earth developed the technology first, and on Mars the radiation disrupts the signals too much for it to be much use."

I float off the ground, legs folded up beneath me. The cake itself is in the oven, the custard is in the microwave and I can't start the meringue until they are both done and cool. I also can't start doing something else while the custard is cooking because it needs attention every few minutes.

"Why are you doing that?"

"Huh?"

"You do that sitting in the air thing a lot. I was just wondering why?"

Huh, I suppose I have. Hadn't thought about it. Didn't realise that she'd noticed.

"I've had this ring for a fortnight. The novelty value of being able to do this hasn't worn off yet. Kinda hope it never does, actually."

"I can't imagine not being able to fly."

Huh?

"I don't think I've ever seen you fly outside of the base."

"Yes, because I'm trying to fit in. I can't just walk down the street and start floating things in public."

"Why not? There are humans who can do things like that."

"Yes, but not very many. I don't want to attract that amount of attention. While I'm here, I just want to be a normal Earth teenager."

Teenager? Odd. Maybe shape shifters think about societal groups in a different way to humans?

"You do know we're not a monoculture, right? A teenager in the United States is very different to one in Kenya, or Pakistan."

"Yes, but my first exposure to Earth culture was in some TV shows Uncle J'onn sent back after I asked what it was like here."

"They were all American?"

"I think so. I didn't bring the tapes with me, and when I watched them I didn't really know anything about the different countries on Earth."

"Might be interesting to watch them again, now you know more about what its like here."

"Maybe. I think I mostly liked them because it was so different to what I was used to. Open skies rather than caves."

"You lived in a cave?"

"All Martians do. Oh, no, not little caves. Vast underground caverns. All of the settlements on Mars are underground, because of the radiation."

"Uh."

Mars must be very different here. And not just the being inhabited thing, there are reasons why some worlds don't develop life.

"You said that you came here from a parallel universe, right?"

"As far as I can tell, that's correct."

"Do you have... What's Mars like there?"

"In my parallel Mars is a frigid, barren, uninhabited desert wasteland. I think we found some bacteria in soil samples, but that's about it as far as life goes."

"Oh."

"Sorry, but it's like I said. Where I'm from Humans have only met other Humans."

The microwave keeps whirring. There was something I was meaning to ask. What was it? Oh, yes.

"I've been wondering... I saw you change your t-shirt from white to black when I first got here..?"

"Yes?"

"Do you actually wear clothes, or do you just shape shift part of your skin to look like you are?"

Silence. The microwave beeps, and I pull the steaming protocustard out onto the work surface and recreate the whisk construct.

"YesIwearclothesofcourseIwearclothes!"

I turn around. She looks flustered and is blushing purple.

"Oh. Shape shifting clothes. That's fairly impressive, actually. Though I suppose for a Martian on Earth something like that would be pretty essential."

A quick wizz with the whisk and then the custard goes back into the microwave. I set it for two minutes and go back to watching it.

"I'm not naked."

"Alright. What sort of range do these wonder garments of yours have? Just standard humanoid, or can they do extra arms as well?"

"Really. I'm wearing clothes. Totally wearing clothes."

"I fully accept that you are wearing clothes."

"I mean, you don't seem to care but some people would probably find it really strange if I wasn't wearing clothes."

"They probably would."

"It would be really humiliating."

"Okay."

"I just want to be clear."

"You are fully clad. The matter is resolved."

"Okay."

"Okay."

I've added the puree and am now trying to determine whether or not the custard needs to go back in the microwave. The puree adds a considerable amount of liquid and won't help with thickening, but the custard is hot and will thicken as it cools. Really, to act as icing between the cake layers it has to be quite thick. A little longer will probably be best. I set it for two minutes.

"What was it like?"

"What was what like?"

"Just... Turning up in space like that."

"I was asleep for the actual turning up part. Waking up was weird, then painful."

"Painful? Why?"

"The ring detects my desires and tries to fulfil them. It decided that my body wasn't perfect and corrected it. Human bodies really aren't designed to shift around like that."

"You think your body is perfect?"

I hear her raised eyebrow in her voice. I suppress an impulse to pose and flex. "No, it... This body is the most perfect form of me. I can't change it without it becoming either less perfect, or less me." I peer at the custard. Still counting down. "What about you?"

"What about me?"

"What made you pick that face?"

"What's wrong with my face?"

"Nothing's wrong with it, I just wondered why you chose it."

"It's my face."

"Pre-tty sure that Martians don't have hair."

She looks around. No one else near the kitchen area. There's an odd sound, a bit like reeds moving over a paving slab, and her hair merges with the rest of her head.

"I just... Human girls aren't usually bald. And I actually like having hair. Brushing it felt kinda weird to start with, but it was nice once I got used to it."

I know she doesn't want anyone to know that she is a White Martian, but images of what Green Martians look like exist, surely? I suppose I don't know for sure that this M'gann actually is a White Martian. And I can't check without other examples to scan and compare. Is it important enough for me to make the time to fly to Mars? Probably not.

I snort. "Yeah, and the rest."

"What-what do you mean?"

It's been a while, but I still remember broadly what Martian Manhunter's wife looked like in Justice League Animated. I hold out my right hand and generate what I think is a Green Martian female shaped construct about M'gann's size.

"You're talking to someone who actually knows what Martians look like. Heck, it takes me less time to get from Earth to Mars than to get to some places on Earth. Not that I don't appreciate you making an effort to fit in."

I remove the construct and take the custard from the microwave. I use the spatula construct to scrape the custard stuck to the edge of the bowl back into the centre, and to gauge its consistency. Not quite done yet. Back in it goes.

"I was just wondering, why that face? Was it from a magazine or something?"

There's that noise again as M'gann restores her hair. She's looking at the floor, hands clasped in front of her. Ah, I've done it again! I didn't think this would be a big deal for her.

"Could you not tell the others?"

"If that's what you want. But if it's just Superboy and me here, don't worry about it. You can change back. It wouldn't bother me and given what the Genomorphs look like I very much doubt that it would bother him."

No, not enough, I still feel like an arsehole.

"Look, I'm... I'm sorry, I didn't realise that it would be a big deal for you."

"That's okay."

No, it isn't.

I step towards her, take hold of her right hand with mine and hold it up, covering it with my left. She looks up. "I should have just left it alone. I should have realised that you were uncomfortable with what I was saying and stopped. I'm sorry. That you've changed yourself like this for our benefit shows great generosity. I just want you to know, you don't have to. I was expecting aliens to look different from Humans. I won't be angry, or scared, or revolted if you use your natural appearance, alright?"

She look to the side. "It's just... I really want to fit in here."

"I can understand that."

"And it's okay for guys to look like big ogres but girls need to look like girls."

"Okay, Wonder Woman would literally castrate me if I let you get away with saying that."

Her eyes flick back to me. She looks stunned for a moment, then indignant. "No, she wouldn't!"

"No, but she'd be annoyed about the double standard. And with me, for not commenting on it."

I release her hand. I think I fixed it. M'gann turns and starts to walk away. Probably best. I've made enough of a mess for one day. Then she stops and turns back to me.

"I copied this face from the lead actress on one of the television shows Uncle J'onn sent me. It was called 'Hello, Megan'. The first thing I did when I got to Earth was see if there were any more episodes, but it got cancelled after one season. I don't... Did you ever watch it?"

"Name doesn't ring any bells, but not all American comedies made it across the Atlantic. Particularly the short lived ones. From a parallel universe."

"I suppose you're even further from home than I am. Are you... I mean, getting on alright? With the differences?"

Am I?

"There's two categories. There's major differences, like this ring and you. Those I'm fine with. Then there's the small things. Names of popular websites, some minor historical events, commonly available technology. The television programs I used to watch. Walk down the street and everything's slightly off. That, sometimes, gets to me a bit. Honestly, I try not to think about it. Making myself miserable won't help anyone."

"What sort of television shows?"

"Doctor Who. My Little Pony. The BBC did a reinterpretation of Sherlock Holmes recently, that was pretty good."

"Do you miss not being able to watch them?"

"No, it's... I don't miss them. Doctor Who had really patchy quality in the last few series. But it would have been a point of familiarity, if we'd both seen it, y'know?"

"Yeah. I think that's what I was looking for, on Earth. I mean I know life isn't a situation comedy but I wasn't really... Happy, on Mars. I wanted to meet people like the people Megan met in the show."

"I could probably get the ring to play a canned laughter track whenever anyone says anything. If it would help."

She smiles. "No, that would just be weird."

The microwave pings. I open it and give the custard a stir. Done. I cover the bowl in cling film, poke a few holes then leave it to cool.

"Okay, that's about done. Kitchen's all yours for the next couple of hours."

"What are you doing for the rest of the day?"

"Right now, I have an hour's worth of meditation on the Hierarchy of Need planned. Then reviewing intelligence reports. This afternoon I'm going back to the centre of the Pacific for more clean up duty."

"Why do you do that?"

"It's full of plastic."

"No, I mean, the meditation."

"Power rings, all of them, cause psychological instability. Some, like the green or yellow ones, just make you a bit odd. Others, like mine, can have really nasty long term effects. If you know what you're doing, you can counteract it. If you don't, you end up like-"

Larfleeze.

"-Star Sapphire. Meditating on the Hierarchy reinforces the balance between different levels of desire, from simple and direct ones to complex and long term ones. Without that, I would risk becoming... Risk only caring about my short term wants."

She looks concerned. "If it makes you crazy, is it really a good idea to use it?"

"Good idea, bad idea. It's the ring I have." I shrug. I really don't have a choice in the matter. "What are your plans for the rest of the day?"

"I don't really have any firm plans. Kid Flash said something about giving me a guided tour, so I suppose Superboy and I will be taking another walk around Happy Harbor."

"Haven't you done that, like, every day you've been here?"

"I don't want to get into a situation where I don't know what to do. Uncle J'onn is arranging for me to start high school, but until then I'd rather learn Human social customs slowly. And, well, Superboy..."

"Yeah. Alright, I understand."

What can I do to help?

"Look, I'm never going to be able to concentrate on plastic particulates all day. How about if I come back at about five o'clock and we all go somewhere. Anywhere on Earth. We could even spend the evening on Mars if you really want?"

"No! No, um, thanks for offer." She thinks about it for a moment. "Maybe we could go to Acapulco?"

No reason why not. I don't know where it is and I only know the name from the song, but I'm sure the ring will be able to find it. Wait a minute.

"Did Megan from the series go there?"

"No. But one of her friends did. When I got to Earth I found out that was because the actress playing her got hit by a car and they needed to explain why she wasn't in the series any more, but they made it sound really fun."

"Okay, Acapulco it is. I'll see you later."

I leave the kitchen and walk back to my room. I'm a bit surprised she was so worried by me knowing what Martians look like. Maybe it's because as a telepath she'll know if we find it weird if we try to pretend that we don't? I'm also surprised she wasn't a bit more psychologically resilient than that. I suppose she's used to being in a society where everyone is empathic enough to stop asking when it's making you that uncomfortable.

I chose a room towards the centre of the base. It's not like the walk to the briefing room takes more than a minute, and I want to be as secure as possible. M'gann wanted one closer to the communal areas and Superboy... I think he got put in one near her. Remembering not to call him Conner or Kon'El might actually be difficult if he were more talkative. Kaldur has one as near as possible to the sea entrance. I'm not sure why as he generally arrives and leaves by zeta tube. Maybe that was Aquaman's old room? Maybe he just likes to go for a swim sometimes. I don't think that Robin or Kid Flash have bothered to pick out rooms, though that might change once their summer holiday starts and they have more spare time.

Running through the stages of the Hierarchy has become second nature to me. As has floating without touching the ring. I hold my hands cupped at my stomach, legs crossed, eyes staring at the blank wall in front of me. The ring floats about twenty centimetres above my hands, and the diffuse orange aura extends at least that far around my body. It's been over a week since I last fell out of this posture due to a surprise, M'gann opening the door unexpectedly. We had a conversation about how knocking was polite when dealing with people who aren't telepaths.

When I turn my mind to 'friendship' I find that M'gann's face has firmly joined those of Alan and Wonder Woman. That's new. Ah, no, she said that she was fine with me calling her Diana. Alan and Diana. I suppose our heart to heart in the kitchen has forced my brain to accept her as part of my ingroup. Progress with getting to know the others is slower. It wasn't until I demonstrated a pinpoint accurate ranged attack that I even found out they'd wanted Speedy -Roy Harper, not whatshername- on the team, and I only found out then because Kid Flash doesn't mutter as quietly as he thinks he does. I'm not sure that they hold his absence against me, exactly, but they certainly aren't happy about including someone they don't know. Someone they don't know who isn't an attractive woman, anyway.

I did -briefly- contemplate trying to use the ring to change my gender, but I don't think that would actually have helped.

Family hasn't changed. I miss them being around, and I worry about them missing me. It wouldn't be so bad if I could somehow send a message to them letting them know that I was fine but wouldn't be coming back anytime soon. I went up into orbit to scan my emergence point and it turned out that what I told Diana was true; a ring could track back my flight path to the start point. And then, well, it could tell me about the presence of certain forms of exotic energy and particles, and couldn't suggest anything helpful to do about it. I have noticed that this ring appears to have a very limited pre-programmed database. Maybe once I make contact with the Controllers they will be willing to update it.

Sexual intimacy? M'gann's nice, but she acts quite a lot younger than her actual age. I know Martians live longer than Humans but even so, her life experience should put her beyond high school level, surely? I don't feel that sort of attraction to her. No change to that analysis needed then.

In terms of confidence-.

"Hey, Orange!" Mr West appears to have decided that knocking is for other people. I put my feet down and float the ring onto my left hand, sigil facing inwards.

"Yes, Kid Flash?"

I'm still not completely comfortable referring to people by code names. Again, no serious mistakes yet, but I'm going to have trouble faking surprised if they open up enough to tell me their real names. And if they did, I still wouldn't be able to reciprocate. I didn't think that I said my own name often but not being able to introduce yourself gets frustrating quite quickly.

"Did you know that Megan has this awesome Bio-Ship?"

"Yes. It's been here nearly as long as she has."

The stealth was interesting, but without guns or shields I'd hesitate to take it into combat. When she showed me, I suggested that I could remedy this by standing on the outside of the hull. Though a functional solution, I am now slightly concerned that my idea will come back to haunt me.

"Oh. Well, we were all going to go flying around the harbor but she wanted to see if you wanted to come as well. I'll tell her you were busy with... Staring at the wall... Or whatever." He takes a step back to leave.

I hold up my right hand. "No, this sounds like something I should make time for."

"Pf. Fine." He leads the way towards the hangar, deliberately staying ahead of me so that he doesn't have to talk to me.

I need to make an effort. "Ahhh... No archer, then?"

"No."

I think he actually kicked the ground when he said that.

"Did he say why he didn't want to join?"

He slows, and lets me come alongside. "He thinks the League will treat us like kids."

I don't comment. I've seen these kids fight, in the database recordings. Put someone normal through that sort of thing, they'd die in seconds. How Robin manages I have no idea.

"Seriously, it's been over a week. Nothing!" He throws up his hands.

"I'm rather new at this. Is that sort of time gap between major missions normal?"

"In Central City, there's always something! One of the Rogues, or a mugging, or a fire, or something. Anything!"

Diana has had me accompany her on assignments a few times. It mostly involved me watching her work or using OrangeVision to provide her with tactical information. She also has me convey the apprehended criminals to police custody. It makes sense to me for her to treat me like that given that I am completely new at this, but the other guys have earned some involvement, surely? Or else, why put them here?

"Maybe Batman just hasn't found anything worth our time?"

"I'd take a jaywalker right now."

Not sure Mr Garrick would appreciate that. Oh, hang on, mustn't forget. "Oh, erm, I've got a cake in the oven. Would you mind if we went via the kitchens?"

He perks up. "Is it done?"

"The cake layer should be, but I won't do the meringue until this afternoon."

"How many layers does it have?"

"Three of cake, two of mango custard, and then everything gets covered in a layer of meringue. That takes a while to cook. Huh?"

He is now behind me. He stopped walking a second ago and is just staring at me. "Where'd you learn to do that?"

"None of it's particularly complicated. I've been baking regularly for years; frequently, since I started living here."

And then he's standing next to me, one arm stretched up companionably around my neck. He normally moves at regular speed. I've seen him run before, but celerity is a lot more shocking at close quarters. "I think you just became my-" He pauses, counting on his fingers. "-third favorite team mate."

Suck it, Superboy and Aqualad.

"Ah, thank you, I-." And he's gone. A flash -hah- of OrangeVision shows him in the kitchen staring at the oven. Our kitchen is awesome. I don't know who the would-be chef in the League is, but I owe them for not just assuming that teenagers would try living on take-away food.

"Inertial controls on. Ring, plot route before Wallace scoffs the lot."

My flight control has massively improved since my encounter with Turkey. In narrow confines like the base corridors I let the ring AI handle navigation. With my inertia regulated I can change directions with no loss of speed. First time Diana ever told me that I had impressed her was when I used that to fly at full speed through a dense Themysciran forest. I move through the base like a jet powered slalom skier, coming to a halt just outside the kitchen area.

"You sure it's not done?"

"Yes, the meringue takes an hour."

"Aww. M'gann made cookies earlier, but I could probably fit in a few slices of cake."

"I think that was the first time she used that recipe. How did they turn out?"

"Sooo good. Shame there weren't more. Everyone else just got one each."

I use a construct to open the oven and lift out the three cake tins. The cakes within look well done, though this mix does tend to brown on the outside while still being underdone in the middle. The ring also makes it very easy to lift the cakes out of the tins without lining them or risking breaking the cake.

"If you're really that hungry, there is a bakery in Happy Harbour. We could probably stop off."

"Any good?"

"I don't know. I don't buy stuff I could bake myself."

"Mrm. Think about it." We walk towards the hangar. "Have you used your ring in an actual fight yet?"

"No, I haven't."

"How come?"

"I've had it two weeks. In that time I've either been here, or shadowing Wonder Woman."

"Wonder Woman gets in fights all the time!"

"Errr... Put it this way: you've been active two years, right?"

"Huh. Yeah, I guess it would be."

"Did The Flash involve you in fighting the Rogues from the start?"

"Not right away."

"Well, there you-."

"We took down Mirror Master together in my second week. So if you fight someone today you'll only be just behind me."

Right in the ego. Right in the ego.

"So, yeah, you should probably just stay out of the way in a fight. We'll try and leave one or two for you. Regular guys, so you can actually cope."

"Ah. I appreciate the consideration, but I think I can aim a little higher than that. The Green Lanterns call power rings 'the most powerful weapon ever created' for a reason."

"Sure you can keep up?"

"I think I should probably take things at a steadier pace until I'm sure I know what I'm doing, but yes. I don't intend to be a burden."

"'Cause Rob and I were talking about it earlier and we think you're probably the weakest out of all of us."

"Really? As I see it, the only person here I couldn't take in a fight is you."

He looks at me with an expression of incredulity. "Really."

"I can't account for every possibility, but yes, I think so."

"You think you can take Robin."

"None of his standard ordnance is strong enough to penetrate my shield. My shield has no gaps. I can track him through his smoke bombs and attack at light speed."

"He always has plans for how to take his enemies down."

"Plans that in my case he has neither the information to set up nor the equipment to carry out."

"Aqualad."

"His strongest attacks might be a threat, but I can evade with flight and attack from a distance."

"Miss Martian."

"She shares my lack of combat experience, and is far less aggressive. I would attack before she can disrupt the ring with telepathy."

"Superboy."

I shrug. "Same as Aqualad."

"Seriously!? You did read the report where he took down me, Robin and Kaldur in like thirty seconds."

"With all due respect to everyone's favourite Human-Kryptonian hybrid, my regular sparring partner is Wonder Woman, and she hits at least as hard as he does."

"No. Way."

"Ah-ight." I shrug. Unless we start sparring against each other there's no way to tell for certain. Might be worth arranging to start that, actually.

"If you really think you could beat everyone else, -which you totally can't- why don't you think you could beat me?"

"It's not so much your speed as your faster reflexes. If I start with the ring inactive and we're about... what, five metres apart? I've got a fraction of a second to raise my shield before you hit me. Longer, if I want them strong enough to take you punching them as fast as you can. If we start further apart I can fly to evade but I'll still struggle to hit you. If you're intelligent enough to go after my lantern and play keep away, you'll probably win by exhausting me."

"Yeah, that sounds like something I'd do."

We reach the elevator and get in. Kid Flash pushes the button to take us down to the hangar in which M'gann keeps her ship. When she first introduced me to the ship we had a moment of cross cultural confusion when I asked her what its name is. Despite clearly regarding it as a living thing she didn't see any need to give it one.

"As much fun as this joy ride is going to be, might it be worth scheduling some team practise in for later today? Remedial sparring, if you think that I'm that far below your level?"

"Nah. We all pretty much know what we're doing. Even you, I guess. Wonder Woman and A-. Erm. Green Lantern wouldn't have put you here if you were completely useless."

"I do know what his name is."

"Yeah, he said, but you shouldn't get into the habit of using people's names. Still can't believe you just walked up to him like that."

"Seemed like the logical way to go about it."

"Secret identities aren't that easy to breach."

"Why does everyone think that? He wore a tiny mask!" I put my thumbs and index fingers around my eyes with my other fingers splayed outwards. "Tiny tiny mask which didn't cover his face at all. One facial recognition scan was all it took."

The elevator pings open while my hands are still in front of my face. I turn outwards to see the rest of the team staring at me. I lower my hands. They're still staring.

Yeah.

"It was a tiny mask!"

I stalk towards the open rear of the ship. M'gann is trying not to laugh by covering her mouth with her hands. I think the others are just bemused.

"Are we going or what?"

I plonk myself in the seat to the left of the entrance and the chair extends a seatbelt around me. M'gann follows a moment later and takes the pilot position.

"Strap in for launch."

She did let me have a brief go at controlling the ship a few days ago. I can handle simple manoeuvres with the manual controls but I couldn't get my head around using the gravity drive for more complex stunts. Intellectually, I know that 'down' is towards the floor of the ship but whenever I tried to do anything fancy I kept becoming convinced that it was about to be the planet's surface again. It's weird; I don't have that problem with the ring at all. My attempt at using the telepathic control system with the ring was a complete failure.

Kid Flash comes in next and takes the left midship position, swinging the chair around to face M'gann. Robin takes right midship, Superboy at right forwards and Kaldur at left forwards. Guess I'm nobby no-mates then.

"Red Tornado, please open the bay doors."

The ship manifests the control columns and M'gann raises her hands above them. I still haven't quite got used to flight that doesn't involve either conventional gravity or inertia. When I use the ring to alter my inertia it's all pre-programmed. I just ride along with it. I tried altering gravity so that the pull towards the ceiling was two gees once. It wasn't painful or even uncomfortable, but it was weird as heck and I haven't done it again. M'gann's ship pulls out of the hangar so smoothly that if I couldn't see the view I would think that we hadn't moved at all.

We shoot out over the water. I have no idea why no one has seen us. In a sensible universe we'd be a tourist attraction by now. M'gann shows off the artificial gravity by putting us into a brief vertical climb, turns and spins the ship on its axis, and then turns us back towards Happy Harbour itself. The whole time everyone on board felt no more than one point one gravities towards the floor, and maybe point one against the direction of acceleration. It actually feels like being in a malfunctioning simulator. If all Martian technology is like this I have no idea why they aren't the dominant power in this system.

"Incredible."

Robin seems to appreciate it. He can probably compare it to the Batwing, so can better understand how much more advanced it is than the best Earth has to offer.

Wallace sighs. "She sure is."

Either he's is literally besotted, or, whaw. M'gann turns to look at him. I can't see her face from here.

"Ah, I mean, the ship."

He's actually pointing. Good save. Good save.

"Which, like all ships, is a she."

Stop digging, man.

"Fast with his feet. Not so much with his mouth."

Oowh, harsh, Robin. Harsh.

"Dude!"

I should probably try and help him out.

"Would it be a problem if someone saw us up here?"

M'gann stretches her neck to look at me. I worry a little about the pilot taking her eyes off the window, but there isn't anything to hit up here and no way for a birdstrike to interfere with the engines. "Why would it be? We're not doing anything wrong."

"Do you have a pilot's license?"

"Yes! Oh. Do you mean an Earth pilot's license, or a Martian one?"

"Whichever one the American civil aviation authority is likely to ask for."

Wallace takes the opportunity to support M'gann. "C'mon, Oh El. No one's gonna care about that."

Maybe he's right. Maybe civil authorities have learned to leave alien craft well alone. I certainly wouldn't blame them.

"No no. You can't call me Oh El, it'll get confusing."

I now have Robin's attention too. "You see any other Orange Lanterns around here?"

"No, but Superboy's an El, isn't he."

Wallace looks puzzled. "How d'you get 'El' from Superboy."

"From his father? That's usually how it works, isn't it? Kryptonians aren't matrilineal."

Superboy is now paying close attention. "What do you mean?"

"Superman's name. Kal-El. Son of Jor-El. Which presumably makes you, whatever you end up picking as your first name, followed by El. The important thing is, I can't be Oh El, because it would make me sound Kryptonian. People would get confused."

Superboy looks stunned. "I didn't know Superman had a name."

"You didn't think his parents called him Superman, did you?"

"I didn't... I hadn't... Thought about it..."

I smile. "Learn something new every day."

Robin leans towards M'gann. "Hey. How about showing us a little Martian shape shifting?"

Guess he decided that I've pushed Super-El too much.

M'gann rises to her feet and steps forwards from the pilot's seat. The reeds on stone noise again as her legs turn.. dark.. grey..?

I get out of my seat to take a closer look, glowing orange-soled boots making sure I stick to the deck. "Heheh. Damn, I look good."

Orange Lantern M'gann strikes a pose. She even has her ring facing the right way.

Wallace doesn't seem to share my appreciation. "Oh, that is just wrong."

Wait, does that mean that she really wasn't wearing clothes earlier? Not mentioning that to Wallace.

M'gann twirls on the spot, and shifts to female Kid Flash. Does Jessie Quick exist here? Another one to look up.

Wallace seems confused. "That's... Sorta wrong, but also kinda right."

Robin claps. "Impressive." M'gann shifts back to her default form. "But you know you're not exactly gonna fool anyone with those."

"Mimicking boys is a lot harder."

"And your clothes..."

Bad Aqualad! Bad! I was hoping no one else had noticed!

"They're organic, like the ship. They respond to my mental commands."

Uh? Wait, why was she so... Is shifting your skin like hanging around in pyjamas for a Human? And you put on actual clothes for company? Not something I do now, as getting dressed takes a literal second with the ring.

"Can you do that ghosting through walls thing that Manhunter does?"

Wallace continues with his interest in everything M'gann.

"Density shifting? No... it's a very advanced technique."

"Flash can vibrate his molecules right through a wall. When he tries it? Bloody nose."

"Dude!"

Robin is definitely off Wallace's wingman list.

"I've heard that power rings are supposed to be able to do the same thing."

I surround my left hand in an orange aura and press it against the side of the ship. "Nothing yet. Guess we've all got something to work on."

M'gann extends her hands again and the control columns twist to reach her. "Well, here's something I can do." A dull thumm sounds through the ship. "Camouflage mode."

The stealth on this ship is really good. Even knowing exactly where to look it's practically impossible to spot. Just hope no one shoots us with a paintball gun. Not sure how it compares to Wonder Woman's jet. OrangeVision bypasses both anyway.

"Red Tornado to Miss Martian. An emergency alert has been triggered at the Happy Harbor power plant. I suggest you investigate. Covertly. I'm sending coordinates."

"Received. Adjusting course."

Robin snorts. "Tornado's keeping us busy again."

We're now over land. I haven't learned the geography of this part of the town yet, but I can see three slim white chimneys attached to an industrial building. Presumably, our target.

"Well, a simple fire led you to Superboy. We should find out what caused the alert."

M'gann sounds more positive.

Superboy looks around. "I think I know the cause."

Tornado? Why is there a t-. Supervillain. Of course. Couldn't be someone testing the fire alarm at the wrong time. M'gann takes evasive action. I doubt that they've seen us, but an area effect attack will still knock us silly.

Too late!

Ring, medium armour.

An orange flare and Peter Gambi's finest work replaces my casual clothing. Ceramic and steel hexes held together by dark grey dyneema cover my joints and neck while larger plates protect my torso, arms and legs. I'm not sure what the padding material is made of but I barely felt it when he hit me in the chest with a baseball bat as a demonstration. The whole thing fits perfectly, protects against all of the forms of attack I specified and is wearable even without the ring maintaining my temperature. I'm not sure why, but he actually only wanted to charge me for materials. I was able to negotiate him up only once I said that I might be able to send colleagues his way.

A small holster on my left leg contains a ring-built pistol based on the Smith & Wesson Model 63 I was practising with. This one is largely titanium with a tungsten-lined barrel. I switched to practising with it after I created it and I find it slightly superior to the standard model. I haven't tried forging specialised ammunition for it as the process looks complicated and would be a dead give away to any investigator if I ever used it.

My hands are bare, as is my head. My ability to perceive and interact with my environment is too vital for ring use to compromise for a minor increase in protection. Once I leave Earth I'll see about getting hold of a force field generator of some kind.

Orange Lantern sigils cover my front, back and shoulder plates in traditional superhero fashion.

My eyes glow orange as I activate my visual enhancements.

NO. FUCKING. TINY. MASK.

The precision tornado hits the ship and the view through the window shifts wildly. An electrical crackling noise marks the camouflage being overwhelmed and shutting down. The cyclonic acceleration has much less effect on the interior than it should have and with the ring active I don't even feel that. Everyone else is thrown against their harnesses with a yelp. Fortunately, M'gann keeps her head together and, using the tornado's own movement to gain speed, manages to pull us away. After getting to a safe distance she spins the ship around and brings us down in the car park. We're about a metre up when the floor opens and the rest of the team drops to the tarmac. I'm left standing upside down on the exterior hull as my deck clamp construct remains in effect. I try to style it out by disconnecting and spinning to a crouch but I don't think anyone noticed.

In the distance I can hear panicked screams and just make out people fleeing the power plant building. The tornado is on the side of the building away from us. If the goal was the destruction of the plant, wouldn't it make more sense to drop it directly on the building? I blink and eighty or so avarice loci mark the locations of the plant workers. Most have either evacuated or are in the process of doing so, the few others having been in the parts of the plant furthest from the exits. Or maybe one of them is the villain? I was sort of expecting them to stand out more, but to be honest I couldn't even guess which of them was causing this.

The tornado moves towards the corner of the building. Definitely directed.

"Robin? Are tornados common to New England?"

Aqualad may not have seen a tornado before. Heck, I've only seen recordings. Wait, where's Robin?

"Robin?!"

I hear a peel of laughter, like that which would be produced by Chucky in an unusually positive mood. Is that the villain? Is the tornado a distraction while he invisibly picks us off?

"He was just here."

Shit, the telepath can't find him?

"Ring, scan for Robin." The windows blow out in the top floor of the building as the ring locates my errant team mate. "He's in the-."

They are already running -or in M'gann's case flying- across the car park towards the loading bay. Nice to know she overcomes her reticence when necessary. Oh, right, catching up.

There is a woosh of air and a dull clang.

"Ugoh! Guh."

Superboy makes it inside first, followed by the others. Robin is already on the ground, rubbing his head. Superboy leaps.

Yeah, that's a supervillain. Huge, red and black, with some sort of exposed blue cables running from his back to his arms. And a scarf. Why does he have a scarf? It looks like he's wearing power armour.

Why aren't I detecting avarice? Is the armour blocking my scans? It might be, but I'd be surprised if any Earth technology was capable of doing that.

Superboy lands in a crouch next to Robin. "Who's your new friend?"

"Didn't catch his name."

First step in a fight, armour. Orange plates -a bit like Mass Effect Tech Armour- congeal around my body. Last time Diana punched one she had to rub life back into her hand. I value my own life and physical integrity quite highly, and the strength of my defensive constructs reflect that.

"But he plays kinda rough!"

"My apologies. You may address me as Mister Twister."

Superboy is already charging forwards. Mister Twister points his arms at the ground and creates a visible cyclone around each one? Is that possible? The wind reduces Superboy's forward movement to virtually nothing. Then Twister moves his hands and the wind lifts Superboy into the air, spinning him around.

Whaw, that looks CRASH MAT CRASH MAT!

It forms before he hits the wall, reducing a dangerous slam to a light bump. Another forms beneath him as he falls, cushioning his landing. He rights himself and vaults over the railing.

Kid Flash pulls a pair of goggles out of his trousers. Robin rises to his feet with a groan. Aqualad nods at M'gann, who nods back. Aqualad's hands crackle with electricity.

Was there a team attack strategy session I missed?

A look around shows me that the evacuation is complete. I suppose now we're trying to preserve vital infrastructure? There is no mention of a Mister Twister in any file I remember reading, and those the ring absorbed are similarly blank. What does he want?

My team mates charge. And I? I have no idea what to do. I just float here. How to do this? This is too strange. I don't care enough about the fight to smash a guy who can brush off Superboy. I really don't want to try converting him into a construct. I'd like to negotiate, but that opportunity seems to have passed.

Kid Flash gets into range first, and handplants for a super speed flying kick. Mr Twister brings his hands together and causes the air currents to throw him past his target and out of the back of the building. Another crash mat from me catches him in mid air and safely deposits him on the ground outside.

Aqualad and M'gann get tossed around like dolls. Twister doesn't even have to move to knock them aside. I get a soft chair construct under each of them and pull them back to a safe distance. Superboy's attempt at a leaping attack just gives Twister more time to generate an air blast beneath him and send him up into the rafters.

What the heck is this room actually for?

I put a flight aura around Superboy as he starts to come back down, and bring him in for a controlled landing next to me. He shoots me an angry look.

"I was prepared to be challenged by a superhero. I was not however expecting children."

Has he not seen me? Or is he just assuming? I suppose the orange glow makes picking out facial characteristics harder. And M'gann does kind of have a 'youthful' body shape. Er, no offence if you're listening, M'gann.

Robin preps and throws two discs. "We're not children!"

Two cyclones again. The first disc detonates just ahead of him, causing no damage. The second hits him in the chest and embeds in his armour before he reaches up and flicks it away. It detonates on his left, out of range.

"Objectively you are. Have you no adult supervision? I find your presence here quite disturbing."

"Actually, not a.. child, back here?" I don't really want to draw his attention as I have no idea what I'd do with it, but I can't let a comment like that just... Go. I'm in a training team because I need training. Most of my team mates are younger because they started earlier. "I mean, I'm not even the oldest member..."

Hmm. I suppose the infrastructure is safe from further damage as long as we hold his attention. And aside from Robin's attempt at being a solo artist none of us are hurt.

"Well we hate to see you disturbed. We'll see if you're more turbed once we kick your can!"

Are they all just going to rush him again? Even Vas knows that's dumb. And what the hell is 'turbed'?

M'gann steps forwards, and uses telekinesis to rip open a metal.. tank.. that was stuck on the ceiling..? What nutter designed this place? Mister Twister is briefly wreathed in vapour, and Superboy uses the distraction to cover another leaping attack. A full air blast from our enemy sends him straight into a horizontal strut before I can grab him. He also manages to hit M'gann in the air before I get another crash mat under them both before they hit the ground.

This is getting really stupid. I'm no tactical genius or anything, but this is some seriously futile stuff.

Kid Flash and Robin charge just as my patience runs out. An omnidirectional airblast leads to the same mini tornado as Twister used on Superboy. To much the same effect, except that he takes the time to slam the two of them together before he stops it.

Reaching a decision, I grab Aqualad with a mailed gauntlet construct.

"Wha'?"

I bring him level with where I'm floating. "You wanna come up with a plan, maybe tell your least experienced team mate what it is?"

He's actually struggling against the construct. What is his problem? When he realises that he can't get leverage he stops and turns his head to face me.

"You should be aiding us against the enemy."

I roll my eyes. Really? "I should not have to explain the necessity of having a plan to the Atlantean Royal Champion!"

He starts, considers, then nods. I drop the gauntlet. "Can you hold him in place while we regroup? Perhaps a construct chain or manacles?"

No, 'cause those are solely dependent on construct strength and I don't care enough. Sonic attack, try to disable? Aided by -Teen Titan flashback- effective misdirection? I don't have a better idea.

"Miss M'orzz, would you please take over catching duty!?"

She has just disentangled herself from Superboy. "Uh, sure."

I raise my right arm, palm extended, and cause my hand to glow with bright orange light. Amplification please, ring.

"Would my team mates please stand clear of the target!"

That got a reaction.

"Another child in need of an education."

He raises his arms to ward off a direct attack. But I have a power ring.

The only time Kyle Rayner ever impressed me as a Lantern was when, during a fight with Power Ring, he fired a beam behind him and then through the ground under his target. Still, typical Green Lantern, he never expanded the technique. Or maybe it was just bad writing?

Whatever. OrangeVision shows me that the narrow beam running from my right foot has undermined Mister Twister's position while he's staring at my hand. I still don't think I care enough to hit him hard enough directly...

Oh, that'sgood.

"Things will get loud, now."

Four beams of orange light erupt from the floor around him. Each one sprouts four sonic energy projectors and activates, with his centre of mass as the focal point. I remember reading during psychology A-Level that this is how ultrasound is used to destroy kidney stones; beams are focused from several different directions so that the stone where they meet is vibrated to nothingness while the other tissues are unharmed.

"Graawgh!" His winds dissipate. His hands clutch at his head. I can see his armour vibrating. Wait, why is he clutching his head? The armour doesn't have ears, and I can't see external microphones.

Aqualad takes the initiative. "Superboy, try pulling on his cables!"

Superboy looks up, nods, and then runs full speed at Mister Twister. He isn't Kid Flash, but his strength gives him quite a turn of speed. He pounds across the room, jumps past my constructs and-

"Ghuaaaagh!"

-barrels straight into Mister Twister's chest, screaming in pain. Mister Twister was knocked backwards by the impact.

What? What happened?

He drops to the ground, clutching his head.

What?

My sonic constructs dissipate as I switch my attention to recovering Superboy. When he feels the stretcher construct touch him he flails at it. Even from the other side of the room I can see blood on his hands.

I want him safe.

Tentacle constructs wrapping around him I dump Superboy onto the stretcher and swiftly move it behind the rear wall. He's in a foetal position, still clutching his ears. An ambulance won't work, I'll need to contact Red Tornado-.

"Surprisingly intelligent, for a youth."

Huh?

I hear a vacuum sound.

Arrhhh!

Can't see!

Twister!

Waaaaahh!

Can't concentrate to fly!

Blauhoabaubauabuao!

Doafh!

Slamming through something, I hit the ground.

Uuuuugh.

I threw up inside my shield! Oh, that's disgusting. The ring automatically takes care of all of the vomit that left my mouth, but the bile still fills my throat. I retch and splutter, trying to clear the rest of it.

"Ring, fix it."

Oh that's better. I can still taste a bit, ugh, but I'm now feeling less revolting.

!Superboy!

I struggle to my feet and then immediately collapse down. The world spins as I roll onto my back in the earth. Earth? Trees? I must have cleared the car park.

"Ring, inner ear."

Even in a state of confusion my desire for self preservation remained. Otherwise, my shield would have gone down and the wind blast would probably have killed me. I try to rise again. Yep, fine, good work ring. I quickly check myself for injuries, then realise that's stupid.

Wholeness Rightly Assumed.

I'm at a sharp angle from the entrance to the power plant. I can see Superboy on the ground, but I can't see the others. I can hear them, though. Explosions and shouts.

!Superboy!

Superboy!

I'm at his side in seconds. He's still moaning. I lay a hand on his forearm and he knocks me away with enough force to weaken my shield.

"Ring, what's wrong with him?"

"Numerous physical defects detected. Current primary physical injury is the result of ruptured ear drums."

"Can you fix it?"

"Not without further physiological data for target species."

"Can't you just.. just... Work it out?"

"Suggested course of action is possible, but unwise."

Don't mess with people's bodies if you don't know what you're doing.

"Painkillers. Can you stop it hurting him?"

"Compliance."

A thin orange tether connects the ring to Superboy. He gasps, and stops moaning. He looks up at me, and pushes himself to his feet.

"What happened?" He looks shocked for a moment. "What happened!"

From shocked to scared.

He claps his hands together, loudly, then again right against his left ear. "Why can't I hear anything!"

"You've got ruptured ear drums. You won't be able to hear anything until you've had medical attention. Wo... Can you hear me?"

"Yes!"

"Okay, okay, I think the ring is interfaced with your auditory nerves. Mister Twister is still up and I-."

He bounds away, leaping around towards the other side of the building where our team mates are fighting.

Ear drums ruptured. Sonic attack. Super hearing.

It was me.

He went past my constructs, got hit by the sonic energy and his ears exploded. Oh god. Oh god.

Move.

Move.

Move. Move. Move.

I begin jogging, not trusting my ability to fly yet.

It was me. I might have permanently deafened him.

My shield flickers and weakens.

As I round the corner of the building I hear a grunt as Superboy is sent flying into a car, the force of the impact sliding it backwards.

"Isn't it obvious? I'm waiting for a real hero."

"Read his mind. Find a weakness!"

Won't work, Aqualad.

"Er, I thought I wasn't supposed to do that?"

"It's okay with the bad guys!"

I reach the ruins of the car Superboy hit as he pulls himself free.

"Nothing. I'm getting nothing!"

Mister Twister is airborne, clearly dismissing us. I could hit him, but right now my concern for Superboy is crowding out my other desires.

M'gann strikes the side of her head with the base of her palm.

"Hello, Megan! Mister Twister is Red Tornado in disguise." Um, no? "He's inorganic. An android. But how many androids do you know that can generate tornados?"

Probably a lot? Haven't you read the intelligence files? If you can make one...

"Red Tornado sent us here!"

Nonono Aqualad, not the avalanche of stupid...

"After saying we'd 'be tested soon enough'?"

Robin?

"This is his test! Something to keep us busy!"

Ring. Locate Red Tornado.

I get a momentary vision of him back at the base, staring to the main computer terminal.

"Red Tornado's still at the base! It isn't him!"

They stare at me, thought train derailed.

"Thank you for the information. Perhaps this will tempt Achilles from his tent."

He raises his arms above his head. Two funnels of air form, but they aren't directed at us. What's he..?

The skies darken.

No. Fucking. Way.

A swirling storm forms around him while he stands at the eye. Away from the edge, bright sunny day. Here, it's working up to hurricane force.

Superboy tries walking in a crouch towards the source of the attack.

No. That won't work.

A glow and I've grabbed him and I'm flying towards the others. We land in the centre of the group.

Lightning begins crackling around Mister Twister.

I see worried and fraught faces. My allies.

I fucked up with Superboy, but I'm not failing again.

An orange bubble forms around the group. I hold my arms outwards, palms towards the centre of the storm.

I. Will. Not. Fail.

Krackompf!

I feel the shield stress as the lightning hits. As the afterimage burns my retina I can see the orange membrane ripple like water where it was struck.

Krackompf!

I don't know what to do.

I don't know what to do.

I don't know what to do.

"I can't tank this forever!"

M'gann looks thoughtful.

Mister Twister floats down towards us, crackling with power. And then he stops.

"Fine then. I won't deny that you children have power. But playing hide and seek with you will not help me achieve my objectives."

What?

"So stay concealed. If you confront me again I will. Show. No. Mercy."

What?

OrangeVision

The Bio-Ship is floating between us and Twister, camouflage active. He can't see us, so he's breaking off.

Heh. He flies standing up too.

HeH hEh HeH.

Wallace recovers from his surprise first. "What happened?"

"I placed the Bio-Ship between us and the camouflage made it look like we weren't here."

Ring, charge?

Eighty seven percent remaining.

"What happened!"

"M'gann just said, the Bio-Ship-."

I hold up my left hand towards Wallace. "Superboy is temporarily deafened. Ring, share my hearing with him."

"Compliance."

"Superboy, you should be able to hear what I'm hearing."

"It's working."

Oh, that's a relief.

"Good, good."

His face hardens. "It's not good!"

He thrusts his face towards mine. I raise my hands in a surrender motion. "Okay, I'm sorry, poor choice of words. It's a useful temporary fix until we can get you to a medical facility."

He turns to the others. "And why were you all just standing there anyway!"

M'gann looks at the ground. "I thought... I couldn't read his mind..."

Aqualad steps up. "M'gann mistakenly assumed that as she could read neither Red Tornado's mind nor Mister Twister's that they were most likely the same person. Given the similarity in their abilities..."

"Why would Red Tornado attack us! I can't hear because of him!"

God... "No, no, I.. I'm sorry, that was me."

"What?!"

"When you jumped through the sonic constructs I was using to attack Mister Twister, you... I didn't turn them off. You took a glancing blow which appears to have-."

"AAAAAGH!" He slams his fist into the ground, sending up a plume of asphalt and dust.

Robin turns to me. "What were you doing at the start of the fight, anyway?"

"Waiting for someone to come up with a plan."

Wallace chimes in. "Yeah, bit slow off the mark there weren't you, Oh El?"

"Slow and steady may not win the race, but it does result in my team mates not being smashed into the walls. Or did you think those crash mats were appearing by magic?"

Aqualad places a hand on their shoulders. "This is not a productive avenue of discussion. Our first engagement with the enemy has not gone as we would have hoped. And Orange Lantern is correct. We should have had a plan before attacking."

They relax, the tension of the fight draining from their frames.

Superboy still looks ready to rip me in half. "Is this permanent?!"

Review.

"No. The ring says that sort of injury is usually healed in a couple of months."

"Months!"

"I can probably speed it up once I've had a better look at your auditory systems. I don't... I'm sorry, I don't remember Kryptonian regeneration rates."

M'gann looks up. "I'm sorry, I just though it was him. It just made sense."

Aqualad waits until he catches her eye. "It was a rookie mistake. But you and Orange Lantern are rookies, and we should not have accepted your opinion as fact without checking."

"As long as you're within few hundred metres I can probably replace your ears with a construct. As a temporary measure, as a temporary measure!"

I make a placating gesture. He's still visibly fuming.

"That was partially my fault as well."

No? "Aqualad, it really wasn't."

"I should have taken your inexperience into account before I limited my instruction to Superboy to a simple order to attack. And I should have recognised the form of weapon you were using."

"Do it."

"What?"

"The ears. Give me... Orange... Ears."

Don't laugh don't laugh don't laugh don't laugh.

"Ring, do it."

The strand of orange connecting us gets broader for a moment. The construct doesn't show, as it's inside his head.

"I can't promise that it's Kryptonian quality... Best test it out to get used to it. And, look, I am really sorry and I am going to fix this."

He looks away. "Mmf."

Aqualad steps back, causing the rest of us to form a near circle facing him.

"Before we engage Mister Twister again, we need a plan."

Hate to say this... "Should we notify Red Tornado?"

"No! If we do that then we're still just kids!"

Wallace is not enthused. Hey, I wonder what thused means?

"I'm not saying ask him to take over. Just tell him what's happening, and that we're in pursuit." Wallace goes to complain again so I pre-emptively interrupt him. "It's not about us looking good! If he heads to Happy Harbour and starts dropping buildings on people 'cause we were too proud to ask for help, that's on us!"

Aqualad thinks for a moment. "I agree with Orange Lantern. We should keep him informed."

No further objections? Good. "I don't really have anything else to contribute, planwise. I'll let him know."

I step away from the group. Ring, open a channel to Red Tornado.

Compliance.

A small orange image of Red Tornado appears before me.

"Sir. I confirm that the attack on the power plant was the work of a supervillain. They identify themselves as 'Mister Twister'. Red and Black power armour, able to generate intense winds. A bit like you do, actually. Since neither M'gann nor I could get a reading on his mind he's probably either a simple AI or.. what we fought was being remote controlled."

The ring does read Red Tornado. Not much, certainly not compared to the rest of us, but he definitely wants things for himself.

"He's broken away from us in the direction of the main harbour area. We'll be pursuing shortly."

"Message received." He bows his head slightly. "It is an odd coincidence that this 'Twister' shares my elemental abilities."

"I hadn't thought anything of it. Supervillains seem to like playing king-of-the-hill with someone who has abilities similar to their own. Though, if you don't mind me asking, sir? Might he have been built by the same person who built you? Or based on those plans?"

A pause. "It is possible. I will attempt to investigate. Continue pursuit. If you believe you are in danger of being overwhelmed, contact me again and I will take over."

"Understood sir. Orange Lantern out." The image disappears. Why are the others all looking at me? "What? Did I say something wrong?"

M'gann seems happier... "Supervillains like playing king-of-the-hill against people with abilities like theirs!"

Do they ever! Those files made depressing reading. The same wasteful idiocy again and again. "Yes?"

Aqualad smiles. "Then we have our distraction."

We're back in the Bio-Ship, heading for the harbour under camouflage. Aqualad has taken the seat at M'gann's left with Robin on her right. Wallace and Superboy are at the front. I'm leaning on the hull between Robin and Wallace. Seriously, either M'gann needs to move the command position back or we need another forward seat.

"Just one other thing. When the Justice League take someone like this on they use Mister J'onzz's telepathy to coordinate without being overheard. M'gann and I have... What?"

Robin, Wallace and Superboy all look at Aqualad, who flicks his eyes to the deck for a moment before looking back at me.

"Other members of the team, myself included, are not entirely comfortable with that form of mental contact."

Really? Odd. "You do realise that Aquaman, Batman, Superman and The Flash have all used it, right? I doubt Batman's keen on people knowing what he's thinking."

I try to catch Robin or Kid Flash's eye. Robin focuses on putting on his utility belt. Bright yellow?

Wallace does a deer in headlight impression. "It's not... I mean, I do trust M'gann-" His eyes flick to her. "-but isn't it... Don't you find it... Like... Weird..?"

M'gann decides to interject. "On Mars, telepathic communication is completely normal. Until this morning it didn't even occur to me that it might be a problem for some people. If you don't want to use my telepathy for the team, I'll understand. But, I would never use it to hurt you. It would be prevocal only. I wouldn't go any deeper, or do anything else."

This morning? "What happened this morning?"

Superboy is now facing directly away from me, arms folded across his chest. Robin looks at him, then Wallace.

"M'gann used telepathy on Superboy earlier. Kinda reminded him of Cadmus."

Superboy turns back to us. "I'm not having anyone go through my head again!"

"Yeah, well I don't want an opponent to thank me for information in the middle of a fight ever again!"

M'gann looks at him sadly. "Superboy..."

Aqualad interjects. "For myself, I must say that I found the experience quite disorienting."

"Really? When we tried it, it didn't feel much different to wearing an earpiece radio."

Robin starts. "You've tried it before?"

"In the base, yes. I wanted to know what it felt like. It was like hearing a voice that doesn't come from anywhere in particular." I pause as I remember some of the things I thought about to see if M'gann would hear them. Nothing beyond a twelve rating, mind. "Unless I deliberately thought a particular phrase at her, it didn't go anywhere. Not much different to speaking." Let's face it, if she'd been probing, she would definitely have said something about the whole comic book thing. And most likely completely freaked out.

They're trying to gauge each other's feelings.

"Some of the stuff we're planning requires perfect timing and coordination between us when we can't see each other. Unless someone brought tornado proof radios..?"

A shallow inclination of the head from Aqualad and Robin. Wallace averts his eyes, choosing not to argue the point. Superboy maintains his scowl for the longest.

"Fine."

We're coming up on the bay. I can see three large twisters doing their best to level the waterfront. Can't see Mister Twister himself from this distance. One of the tornados moves out along a wooden jetty, throwing several small motorboats into the air.

**Testing, testing, one two, one two.** I see the other guys wince. Babies. **M'gann, would you mind asking the ship to let me out? I'd like to shield the evacuation.**

M'gann nods, and a small opening grows in the floor next to me. I see the effect of the wind on the other guys' clothing and hair.

"Geronimo." I step into the hole, and fall towards the ground. Catching myself, I speed ahead of the ship into the danger zone. Ring, where's Twister? I am treated to a zoomed image of Mister Twister standing next to a fountain, arms outstretched. **Guys, he's by the fountain.**

I try thinking the picture at them. Not sure if it works. Now, time to make myself useful. The boats which the air currents picked up have reached the apex of their flight and have begun their swift return journey to earth. Can't be having that. A flight aura catches the first one and brings it safely to rest on the roadside verge. Twister looks up at me.

"See, whenever I played Command and Conquer, I'd always try to take the enemy base intact. Seemed like such a waste to just bring in artillery and level the place." I catch two more boats and hold them in the air for a moment before placing them on the ground a street away. "Pointless destruction. What is this supposed to be in aid of?"

"It was supposed to attract the required attention."

"Really? Most supervillains try to pretend it isn't just about attention seeking."

"Good news for ya: you've got ours, full and undivided."

Wallace runs at full speed down the main road and jump kicks Twister in the chest, pushes off and lands in a crouch. Twister staggers backwards. I'm a bit surprised that worked, to be honest. Hopefully this attack will force him to focus on us for a bit. I use the time to grab some of the larger bits of airborne debris and thrust them to the ground in a heap away from us. Whaw, this place is a mess. Looks like a tornado went straight through a large wooden house. I can see the ruined boards that used to be the outer wall, but also the insides of someone's life: sheets, curtains, a couple of picture frames. What looks like a soft chair. No one has died but a life has been destroyed. Pointless pointless pointless.

"Immaterial and insufficient." He raises his hands is Wallace's direction. "You are a distraction I can no longer tolerate."

"Aaaaaaaaaagghhhh!" Superboy narrowly misses landing directly on top of Mister Twister. Had his attack connected this would probably have been a very short fight. Twister thrusts himself backwards through the air, trying to gain the space and time he needs to counterattack. You know what? Fuck that guy.

I form a circular orange construct around his eyepiece. It doesn't damage him, but it does keep him off balance while I fire an orange cutting beam at his left leg. And... Oh, that's where that tornado went. It was coming in behind me but they aren't exactly quiet and they aren't all that high. I just climb above it, though my vision-obscuring construct and beam drop when I do. Our attempts to attract his attention are succeeding. Each of the pre-existing tornados is dying off without Twister making the effort to sustain it.

Down below I see Twister float up another boat and thrust it at Superboy. No, you don't. Another safe boat, and he has to back-pedal to avoid Superboy's lunge. Maybe we should see about getting Superboy some actual fight training? I know that Black Canary is a skilled martial artist, but some techniques just aren't efficient for someone that strong. Maybe Diana could..?

As Robin and Aqualad enter the combat zone, I activate OrangeVision to scan for remaining civilian presence. No, everyone is clear. Oh, for goodness... Crash mat.

**It doesn't have to look that good, Aqualad.**

**It is not always an easy matter to judge.**

I drop him onto the balcony of the house he nearly rammed into, and he jumps back down to ground level. Wallace is momentarily caught in a windblast, but recovers well and dashes out of range. Robin throws an explosive at a dying tornado close to his position and then pelts Mister Twister with the rest. Twister clears the space around him with another air blast but then takes a glancing blow from Superboy, who took advantage of his distraction. His retaliation blasts Superboy high into the air. I go to grab him but Twister leaves the cyclone in place and I can't get a clear acquisition!

!MINE!

I won't let him get hurt again!

The ring glows brightly and discharges a powerful beam straight at Superboy. Punching through the cyclone it strikes his right side. Glowing orange armour similar to my own manifests just before he slams into the concrete quay. Another boat swiftly follows and I lose sight of him.

I drop down to the impact site just as the largest piece of boat wreckage shakes and lifts. With a growl Superboy throws it at Mister Twister, who nonchalantly catches it with a wind blast and hurls it at Aqualad.

Did Aqualad just run up a flying boat?

**I'm coming in now.**

The idea of having M'gann assume the form of Red Tornado seemed so obvious once Aqualad explained it to me. Presumably a Justice League member counts as a 'real hero' for his purposes. I was surprised that she could get that much bigger, but apparently she can spread herself out.

M'gann lands in front of the regrouped team. I drop down behind them, still just off the ground.

"Hit the showers, boys. I was hoping you could handle this. Clearly, you cannot."

She sounds just like him. I wonder if Wallace 'Casanova' West is paying attention? Reminds me of that character from the Marvel series, Runaways. The Skrull shapeshifter who thought nothing of changing his gender on a semi permanent basis to pursue a relationship with a lesbian. Is that something Martians do? Maybe M'gann was a M'rikk before watching 'Hello, Megan'?

Maybe I shouldn't mention that to anyone ever.

Robin makes a token protest. "But we've got a plan now."

"The subject is not up for debate."

I put on a sullen expression, but I honestly doubt that Twister is actually looking at me. As per the plan, I need to get out of Mister Twister's line of sight. Once I'm out of his immediate field of vision I just tell the ring to get behind the roof of one of the still intact houses. I then turn down my environmental shield to minimum and activate OrangeVision.

**Orange Lantern in position**

I wasn't lying about the Command and Conquer thing. But if I can't take something intact...

Ring, full scan of Mister Twister.

Compliance. At current avarice levels a full quintessence waveform scan will take approximately twelve hours.

That sounds like more information than I need. How about enough information to build the physical components?

No power ring disrupting technology detected in target. Physical scan complete.

Superboy's walking away more slowly, trying to stay in leaping distance. I try to turn the armour construct off, but no luck. My guilt over injuring him is overpowering my desire to follow the plan. It seems that the problem Alan pointed out is a real one, but it shouldn't matter too much here. I've just had to transfer the wiggly orange line connecting us underground so as not to give away my position. Wallace has just ducked behind the remains of a larger boat hull, ready for his part in assisting M'gann in pretending to be Red Tornado.

**Superboy ready.**

**Kid Flash ready. This still feels weird.**

Aqualad walks along the shore until he has some cover, then slips into the water.

"I was beginning to believe you'd never show up."

**Aqualad ready**

"I'm here now."

They can start fighting with Kid Flash in place, but ideally M'gann can keep Twister talking until Robin-.

**Robin here. All set.**

Alrighty then.

M'gann-as-Red Tornado gestures, and Kid Flash is no longer in his hiding place. OrangeVision gives me his approximate location however: in the centre of 'Red Tornado's' tornado. M'gann gestures, and the tornado moves forwards. Mister Twister slides backwards, then matches it with a tornado of his own.

They sort of bounce off each other in a way which strikes me as unrealistic. Wouldn't two real cyclones merge? Maybe it's to do with the methods employed in generating them? I have no idea how Wallace can stand that without getting dizzy.

It also occurs to me that someone with an anti-materiel rifle could probably take down either Mister Twister or 'Red Tornado' from outside their range at this point. Note to self: practice offensive constructs before next fight. And buy the local police some decent guns.

Mister Twister thrusts a tornado in M'gann's direction, only for it to dissipate before it reaches her. Telekinesis, I presume. "We're evenly matched, Twister." A new tornado forms behind her and hurls rocks at Twister, who blocks by hammering his left fist into the ground and creating an incredibly intense updraft.

"No Tornado we are not." His hands crackle for a moment then a massive electrical discharge blasts from his hands at M'gann. She leaps aside, floats backwards and around before blocking his line of sight with a boat, which is struck and explodes.

He managed that with no preparation. That is actually scary. I'm not sure M'gann could take that hit. Looks like she agrees, as she's used the boat's explosion as cover for 'losing'. Falling onto her back away from the blast, she plays possum.

This is where we find out if we're going to win. Just in case I prepare a force beam. Robin's in support range close by in case something goes wrong with this stage, but no sense taking chances. Aqualad's voice comes in over the mind link.

**On your signal, M'gann.**

Twister closes the distance to M'gann as soon as he sees her go down. He waits for a moment, then raises his right arm. "Remain still android." Some sort of cable projects out of his fingers and attaches to M'gann's head. Huh. We didn't know that was precisely what he wanted. Really we were just hoping for a bit of distracted posing which would allow M'gann to grab him. "The reprogramming won't take long."

Worth knowing. Should probably advise Red Tornado to improve his skull armour.

M'gann grabs his cables.

**Attack is go.**

"Longer than you might think."

"No."

A telekinetic surge knocks him off his feet, and leaves half his cables in M'gann's hand.

**Orange Lantern moving.**

I'm already moving over the roof as tornado Wallace catches him in mid air and throws him over M'gann's head. He flips right over as he lands and runs right into a still orange armoured Superboy. A targeting construct appears in front of me. Superboy punches him once, then grapples his left arm. Perfect. Two circular saw constructs neatly sever the cables on Twister's back while he's stationary, and two small drill constructs hit the mechanisms in his forearms which generate his attacks. No more air blasts or flying for you. Superboy then yanks the arm downwards and twists sharply. I see metal crunch and crumble as he pulls the ruined limb down and swings a fist at Twisters head, which crumples and sparks.

**Aqualad moving up.**

We couldn't predict precisely how Twister would move, so Aqualad took the sea side on the grounds that it would be easiest for him to move in response to changes in circumstance. With Twister's main attack offline he uses his hilt thingys -must find out what they are called- to form a waterspout beneath him and propel him inland to join the attack. I aim my saws at Twister's right elbow as Aqualad runs one water-sword through his neck -severing the head- and the other into Twister's shoulder to anchor himself.

Aqualad wasn't too happy about decapitation, but eventually I was able to convince him that either the head was for show -in which case the head didn't matter- or it was an AI. In which case the decapitation probably didn't matter, as the mind would be inside the chest or have an emergency power supply.

Head gone and both arms out of commission, Superboy shoulder barges his legs out from under him and knocks him down. Aqualad and I begin cutting through the armour of his chest plate. He's already lost, but if there is someone in there we need to get them out of the catastrophically damaged power armour as soon as possible.

Looks like the guy inside has decided the same thing. The whole chest blows open and moves aside, revealing a humanoid in a green and white jumpsuit. I think it was supposed to look human but the metal skeleton is clearly showing at the chest and the left side of the head. I hear Robin, Wallace and M'gann move up to us.

Ring, confirm that target has no organic components?

Confirmed.

It falls forwards onto the grass. "Foul. Ah, I call foul."

How do we securely imprison a robot of unknown capabilities? I don't remember a characters like this from the comics. On the other hand, most things you stick on the Moon tend to stay put. M'gann raises an arm to the side. Not sure where she's going with what the hell?

I get a barrier in place just before M'gann's rock crushes the inner robot.

"What the hell?"

"Y-y-y-you can't do that to me!"

"But it's not alive!"

"I am alive!"

Either he doesn't know he's a robot, or he hasn't realised the extent of the damage. "M'gann, would you drop a rock on Red Tornado?"

"Of course not! Oh."

"Yes, 'oh'."

"But you said that you couldn't feel his desires?"

"It's perfectly possible to build a sophisticated AI that doesn't desire things for itself."

"Ah, not a robot here?"

Wallace is nonplussed. "Dude, you're totally a robot."

"I... I am not." He surveys us, inadvertently showing off his bare metal skull to best advantage. Maybe it's the adrenaline talking, but I'm having trouble not laughing.

"You got a bit of a..." I gesture to the left side of my face. "Bit of a scrape there."

"Oh." He reaches up. "Well, dang."

"Anyone know the protocol for imprisoning-"

The robot's torso glows for a second, then it explodes. I stick a shield in the way as the parts rain down. For a moment we watch them in silence. Once they finish I drop the shield.

"Well, now I feel kind of silly for protesting."

Wallace steps forward and picks up one of the larger parts. It's an eyeball. "Cool. Souvenir."

I've dropped the remaining parts of Mister Twister off in Red Tornado's workshop, after Robin checked them for traps and communication devices. I should probably have helped with the clear up in the harbour, but the Federal Emergencies Management Authority is apparently quite good at this sort of thing now, and Superboy's injury takes priority. He's in medical until they can get one of the handful of people in the world who actually know anything about Kryptonian physiology in to have a look at him.

Doctor Mark Desmond would have been first choice, except that he's now an unstable mentally degraded monster and in prison. His staff are either in prison, or dodged prison by claiming that Desmond had the telepathic G-Gnomes control their behaviour and that they can't remember much about what happened. For some of them that may even be true. That pretty much just leaves STAR Labs, as the LexCorp personnel who have similar knowledge couldn't be trusted even if they were willing to help. And STAR Lab's go to guy -someone named Doctor Bernard Klein- is on holiday and can't be reached.

Without an enemy to focus on Superboy has remembered exactly why he's in the state he is. This is why I'm outside of medical cramming information on his physiology with a thin orange line feeding into the ward to maintain his auditory construct. I was finally able to drop the armour construct after Red Tornado pointed out that it would interfere with examination and treatment.

Ring glowing brightly from the strength of my need to fix my mistake, I float three constructs into the air in front of me. Superboy's body is... It isn't that half of the organs are Human, or half of the cells. Intellectually, I realised that there had to be more to it than that. Some cell types are purely Human with what the ring tells me is an artificial add on to make the body recognise it as being 'his'. Other parts -mostly skin and major muscles- are largely Kryptonian, with a similar add on for a similar purpose. Other parts are a weird mix of the two, including a number of actual hybrid body tissues. Again, with material not normally found in Humans or in my one Kryptonian sample holding it together.

And the ring tells me that not all of the parts work together properly. It's especially concerned about neurotransmitters and his immune system. No, I'm concerned. The ring just indicated that there might be a problem. I remember reading about Ligers; how despite their massive size and physical power they are actually often really unhealthy. The potential for seeing something like that in my team mate is quite worrying.

M'gann leaves the ward. Superboy wanted to speak to her. He didn't tell me what it was about, but she went in worried and now seems happier.

"What's that?"

"A model of the Human inner ear." Lex Luthor's, in point of fact. The genetics of the Human parts do indeed mostly match his.

"And that other one?"

"Kryptonian inner ear. Did you know that Superman is in Zimbabwe?"

"You... You scanned him in Zimbabwe from here?"

"No. When I scanned him he was in Mongolia."

She doesn't ask me what the third is; the damage is too obvious. It wasn't just his ear drum that was ruptured. Other parts that match those found in Superman and are presumably responsible for super hearing are damaged or destroyed. Worse, it appears to have been a hybrid system and with Superboy's bizarre tissue types I can't tell how much of what was there came from which parts of his make up.

I have made some progress in understanding the source of Kryptonian super powers, though really it just means proving the supposition of Doctor Klein. Something happens to Kryptonian skin organelles when they are exposed to certain light wavelengths. The range and concentration requirements appear to be quite specific, which matches what I observed in the comics. The organelles responsible are also found in other body tissues but in much lower concentrations, presumably why they were considered lower priority. The organelles respond with a form of exotic energy the ring doesn't recognise, which in turn does something to strong nuclear forces... Aaaagh! Why doesn't the ring have a full database!

None of that really explains why they didn't just program a full Superman clone. I don't remember much about Bizarro, but Luthor never seemed to have much trouble using him. That's from Justice League Unlimited and that thing where Alexander Luthor Junior sets up a supervillain society. There isn't a Bizarro here yet, so there is a gap for one...

"Any progress?"

I put the heel of my palms on my forehead, and move them in a circling motion. "Sort of? I don't think I can recreate what was there, but I think I know enough to create a working replacement."

"Why can't you replace it?

"Because I don't know what was there. Superboy's body has both Kryptonian and Human elements, and without a scan of what was destroyed..."

"Human?"

"Yeah, that's why he can't... Wait, you didn't know that?"

"That's not... How is that possible?"

"I don't know. I mean, the ring can pick up artificial alterations to his tissue which seem to make it all work together, but where they came from? No idea."

"But I thought he was a clone of Superman?"

"Yes, his Kryptonian parts are. And other parts are Human, and some bits don't match any species..."

Genomorphs. Ring?

Partial match confirmed.

Doesn't seem to help. I could grab Cadmus' full database, but I don't know enough about biology to do anything complicated.

"Actually, M'gann, I wanted to ask you about something. As far as I know there are no Martian doctors on Earth either. Would you mind if I did a full scan of you as well?"

"Uncle J'onn has medical training."

"Mister J'onzz has basic medical training. The League's current plan in case he gets seriously ill or injured involves getting a Martian doctor on Mars to consult via the Watchtower's FTL comms. We... This is high risk work we do. If you get hurt in the field I can't just rush you to the nearest hospital. I need to be able to treat you on-site."

She isn't smiling now. She looks at the ground, and breathes out heavily. "Okay."

I keep working on Superboy's new ears. "Thank you."

"What do you need me to do?"

"I need you to not hit me for doing it fifteen minutes ago."

"Fifteen..!"

"I scanned the others as well. Also, Wonder Woman and Green Lantern."

"Why?"

"I hate people I care about being hurt and not being able to do anything about it. My Nan-." Where did that come from? I stop for a moment. "Having this ring should mean that I can do anything I want. I wanted, I want to heal Superboy, but I can't because even though I had two weeks I never thought to scan him. Never again."

I flick my eyes to the side. She's staring at me. I tense as she puts her hand on my shoulder.

"It's..." She doesn't know what to say. "Should your ring be glowing like that?"

So say something else? "Yes. The glow reflects the strength of my avarice. I want to heal Superboy, but I can't, because I don't know how to enact my desire. So nothing happens and it keeps glowing."

"Oh." Her hand slips off. "Superboy said that he'd like to speak to you."

I nod, distractedly, and drop the constructs. "Right. I'm pretty much done with this. Time to face the music." I rise and enter the ward.

Superboy is sitting on a bed with his back against the headboard. His legs are bent up and his arms are stretched around his knees. He appears to be staring at his feet, and doesn't look up when I walk in. The surly teenager image is somewhat thrown by the orange strands feeding from the ring into his head like some kind of set of science fiction headphones.

"Right. I think I've got a solution."

He fidgets, slightly.

"I don't, I'm sorry, but I don't know enough about your ears' original structure to recreate them, but the ring has picked up enough about Kryptonian genetics now that I should be able to create a copy of Superman's-"

He looks up, his expression neutral.

"-with your genetic markers. You might... You should probably avoid loud noises for a few days while you adjust."

"What'd' you mean, genetic markers? I'm a clone of Superman. There shouldn't be any differences."

He doesn't know. What were the League thinking, not telling him? "Okay, look, while I was trying to work out how to fix this, I had to study the way your body works, the way his body works. I think I found out some things you apparently don't know. I don't think you're going to like them, so if you just want me to fix your ears then shut up, I'll do that."

He's gone back to looking away. "I wanna know."

"Alright." I pull up a chair and turn it to face the bed. I sit. "Do you want me to do that talk first, or should I repair your ears first?"

"Ears."

I nod. "I'm afraid that the first stage involves removing the constructs that I've currently got doing the job. I'll still be suppressing the nerves so you won't feel any pain, but you won't actually be able to hear anything until I've finished building the new parts. Once I've done that, I'll connect the nerves, with a construct to limit the volume so that the sound is bearable. Then, I'll slowly remove the construct. If it gets too loud, or starts to hurt, let me know and I'll stop, alright?"

"Mpf."

Ring, erase my mistake.

The ring is perfectly capable to transmuting the material it needs from the surrounding air. Probably wouldn't work for precious metals due to the density and high levels of avarice required, but for healing a team mate I injured? Easy. The inner ear components are literally just copies of Superman's. I don't understand how they work, but then I don't need to. Any idiot can copy and paste.

"Have you started yet?" The volume is a little loud, but at least he isn't shouting. He looks at me.

Time to test his hearing. "Everything is now in place. I have just stopped suppressing the auditory nerves."

His hands slam over his ears, an action which causes him more pain. "Ghuh!"

"They're super sensitive at the moment, but should basically adjust on their own in a few minutes. You coping?"

He nods slowly, clearly still in pain. This is reminding me of something. What is it?

"This reminds me of a story I heard about why Superman stopped going to chapel. Don't know if it's true or not..."

He's looking at me, and his hands are clamped a little less tightly.

"His super powers came in as he grew up. When he was in his mid-teens, his super hearing came in with a vengeance. He could cope with small groups of people, even loud noises once he'd had a moment to adjust. Lots of quiet conversations at once? It was too much."

"Then what..?" He winces again. "Then what happened?"

"No idea. As far as I can tell, he has much better control now."

I think it was from a comic? Something about a cult giving a guy superpowers, and a woman who decided that Superman was an angel. It was a while ago, and it wasn't that memorable.

"Anyway, your new ears. You'll have to be a bit careful navigating around, as sounds won't echo quite like you've gotten used to."

He nods. "Oh-" No wince, but a slight pause. "-okay."

"Now, the other stuff you wanted to know. How blunt do you want me to be?"

"Just, tell me!"

"Okay, ahm, you aren't a pure clone of Superman. About half of you is Kryptonian, maybe a bit more. The rest is Human, with a tiny bit of Genomorph added to make the whole thing work together."

He's slumped, and isn't making eye contact. "That's why I'm weak."

"Well... It's... It's why you don't have the full range of Kryptonian abilities, yes. I don't claim to understand exactly how they work, but it looks like some of the effects generated by your Kryptonian organelles don't propagate fully to the Human components of your body. I mean,-" I form constructs depicting parts his body to illustrate my point. "-those are clearly Kryptonian photoreceptive organelles. That's clearly a Human myelin sheath. Some of this other stuff... I don't know. I've no idea how they made it, and I haven't found anything similar to the Genomorphs. If I had to guess, I'd say they were entirely artificial. For you, they're bridging components to make the other parts work together."

"What does that mean?"

"I d-, I don-, I don't know? I'm not medically trained. Look, I can give this to the League, if you want. See what they can make of it."

"Why?"

"What?"

"Why didn't they make me..." He crosses his arms across his chest. "Properly?"

"If you mean as a complete clone... I... I don't know. Maybe they couldn't?"

I feel a bit like I should complain on behalf of the Human species here, but I don't have the heart.

"I thought... I thought I'd get the rest. If I waited."

"I'm sorry, but I don't think that's going to happen."

He draws his legs up towards his chest. "If it had been Superman..."

"If what had been Superman?"

"Against Mister Twister. If it had been Superman. He wouldn't have gone down like I did."

"You know he's tough, rather than literally invulnerable, right? Sonic attacks are one of his few vulnerabilities as well."

"It doesn't... I should have done better!"

"None of us exactly covered ourselves in glory on that one." This isn't a productive avenue of discussion, as Aqualad would say. "Look, I'm pretty sure we're going to be doing actual teamwork practise from now on. And that orange armour construct I gave you? I can do that in every fight. You want to be stronger, tougher? I can do that."

"Can you make me fully Kryptonian?"

Can I? Should I? It might be possible, but I'm not happy with the idea of reconfiguring his brain like that. "I don't... I don't think so."

"Then don't bother." He swings his legs over the edge of the bed, steps on the floor and walks to the exit. When he reaches it, he pauses. "Thanks for... Fixing my ears."

"No problem."

He nods, and leaves the room.

I've taken to eating lunch on top of the mountain. With my environmental shield active the wind doesn't bother me or my food, and the view is really quite splendid. Superboy could probably do with some time away from me and with the others. And I need to do some thinking about how this is all going to work.

Once he got his head in the game, Aqualad was quite effective at organising the rest of us. I guess that means he'll probably end up in charge of our little coterie. I'll have to talk to him about team practise. I remember the obstacle course which the Teen Titans put Terra through in the cartoon. Don't think that anything like that actually exists here, and we wouldn't be ready for it even if it did. My current assessment would be that our effectiveness as a group is probably lower than our effectiveness as individuals, simply because we aren't used to the way each other performs under pressure. Maybe tactics training sessions? Or maybe just proper demonstrations of our abilities; I know I haven't shown all of the constructs I can create to anyone here. Likewise, I have no idea what Robin routinely keeps in his utility belt, or the range of Aqualad's Water-Bearers. I didn't even know that Wallace could create miniature tornados before today.

I need to get some notebooks. I'm getting used to using the ring for just about everything, but I find the act of writing things down helpful to my though processes. I need to make time to check how much of my knowledge of Detective Comics applies here. The obvious low risk high reward choice would be trying to make contact with either Alec Holland or Swamp Thing, whichever version we'd be dealing with. We could fly down to Louisiana tomorrow, and narrow down the search by scanning for non-native plant life from the air. If he isn't there or -more likely- if he doesn't want to speak to us then there should still be evidence of his presence. Better yet, he might be alright about talking to us, if he actually exists here. One of my all time favourite comic book stories is of his attack on Gotham City after Abby gets arrested. The shear raw power he can bring to bear if something antagonises him sufficiently is truly awesome.

Suppose it's worth checking if I can skip all that work, though. I lean over to a nearby tree and knock on the trunk.

"Doctor Holland, might I have a word?"

No response. I take a bite out of my baguette. Baked it myself yesterday, and added a cucumber filling. Back home I used a bread machine but was never quite able to get them right. Here, I have both the time to spend and the ring to do the boring bits. Leaving bread to rise for an hour, kneed it a bit and then leave it for an hour again? Sure, why not, it breaks up the supervillain profile reading.

Happy Harbour doesn't exactly have chain stores. They're either genuinely local or franchisees instead. I've followed through on my idea of setting up a prepaid account at each one I use. Initially the owners found the whole thing quite confusing but now I think they just find me an amusing oddity. I usually drop round when I know the owner will be there but there won't be many other customers, either first thing in the morning or last thing at night.

So far as I can tell there hasn't been a noticeable decrease in the price of either gold or platinum as a result of my actions.

Alan has invited both myself and Diana for dinner next weekend. He'll probably want to hear about my first fight with a supervillain. Before getting cross examined I should really work what else besides the obvious I should have done differently.

To start with, I should have begun by scanning Mister Twister. Not just a sweep with OrangeVision, but a full physical scan. That would have shown me his vulnerable points, as well as telling me that there wasn't anyone organic inside the armour. Complex AIs are people, but they can generally take having limbs ripped off better than organics can. Attacking his cables was also something I should have done. They were clearly vulnerable points; they were even a different colour from the rest of him to make it more obvious! I might have been able to do something to redirect his lightning bolts or disrupt his generating capacity, but that is probably a bit above my complexity level at present. I should also have dodged more. Stopping completely still during a fight was a bad idea, and I'm pretty sure I can get the ring to automate the process.

What did I do right? Hmm. I was mostly able to stop my team mates from being hurt. I didn't get myself hurt. I made the property damage Twister inflicted a little bit less. I managed to acquire enemy technical data which I've passed on to the League. I suggested to Red Tornado that he might like to use it to update his systems, but he didn't seem enthusiastic. Maybe there is a difference between an AI with a robotic avatar and an android, and he's more attached to his body? The armour I created around Superboy looked pretty sturdy. If it actually was as tough as mine then he might have briefly been tougher than his father. He didn't seem keen on the idea of me helping in that way. Hating needing someone else's help to get to where you think you should be anyway, I can relate to that.

I wonder if I can create similar armour constructs for the others as well? In theory it should be possible, and since the armour is basically weightless it shouldn't interfere with their combat abilities. I didn't specifically think 'armour' when Superboy was being threatened, the ring just acted when my desire to protect him reached a particular strength.

I wonder if the data could be used to create a weather control network, or at least some way to artificially break up major storms and natural tornados? I'll write something up and submit it to Batman. Does he ever monetise recovered supervillain gear? Can that be made to work, legally? Because if it can then the League might well be able to become self funding. Heck, FTL comms to Mars alone...

I've certainly learned that the theory and practise of this sort of combat are two radically different things, and that fighting a brawler like Diana in an open area is very different to fighting another ranged fighter somewhere where I'm supposed to be preventing collateral damage. Unless there is a natural hurricane or something collateral damage prevention isn't really something I can practise. I've learned that we need practise coordinating as a group, or to be assigned tasks that don't overlap so that we don't get in each others' way. If I'd confronted Mister Twister on my own I'd have been more aggressive, once I got it through my head that yes, this is a fight and I am supposed to hit the other guy. He wasn't a good match up for our brawler heavy line up. Perhaps I should ask M'gann about the extent of her telekinesis?

Another mouthful of baguette. The Pacific can wait, but I do need to finish my meditation. Where was I? No, no, after an event like that I should start from the beginning.

Physiological? No change. It took a while, but I've managed to mostly adapt to local time, and usually sleep better than I was. Had to replace my mattress with a harder one to match what I am used to.

Safety. Not sure how I feel about this now. I was able to prevent Mister Twister's attacks harming me, and if it happened again I could probably prevent myself throwing up by simply telling the ring to lock my inner ear. Now that I've had a chance to calm down, it's obvious that I am much more secure since coming here, even with the increased threat level. The fact that I can keep myself safe through my own power is particularly gratifying.

Belonging. Our first fight forced us to work together as an actual unit. I certainly feel more a part of the group than I did, and I think that Wallace at least is opening up to me a little. Maybe coming out here was the wrong thing to do? I thought it might be good for Superboy, but he usually just stomps off on his own when something annoys him. Communal eating is a big deal and I'm probably missing it. Alright, change that behaviour. I'll head down once I've finished this.

Superboy. Thinking about him being miserable makes me feel the same way it did when I inadvertently offended M'gann earlier. His wellbeing is more important to me now than it was this morning. Is that because I consider myself responsible for it in a broader sense than just undoing the harm I inflicted? He was pretty miserable, but he doesn't have M'gann's usual upbeat attitude. I don't really know what sort of things make him happy. I should try and find out, or at least come up with a novel activity which he can participate in. Maybe he'd feel better if he felt he was doing something useful?

Alright, bite the bullet. I feel closer to Superboy. Could I see myself being sexually intimate with him? Hmm. He's not unattractive, certainly. He definitely needs support, and I do like being needed. Cons, the age and experience difference is vast. Even greater than it would be if he was his actual physical age. With M'gann, if it came to it, as the younger party I feel I could say that I didn't care about the nineteen year gap. With Superboy... No, that would be wrong. He doesn't just need support while going through a rough patch, he needs serious help integrating the stuff that Cadmus stuck in his head, and learning how to function in society. Maybe.. that's something M'gann could help with? Can she telepathically build links between knowledge and information? Would he let her? Getting off the point. Bottom line, while I don't rule anything out completely, I generally prefer women. Superboy just isn't appealing enough a prospect to break my habits.

It's amazing how heteronormativity gets to you. I found even thinking about that rationally a little uncomfortable.

Esteem. Actually being able to fight is... New. I can ensure my own safety. Most people, even those in my home parallel, can't honestly say that. Some of the things I've seen power rings do in the comics suggests that I should be able to tank pretty much anything: nuclear strikes, eldritch weapons, medium sized gods... I had assumed that Diana just hadn't been giving it her all when she punched me during practise, but maybe I misunderstood. All told, having fixed Superboy's injury and acknowledging our obvious faults, I felt pretty good about our first supervillain fight. And about my role in it. I had been concerned that I lacked the necessary aggression to function in such a situation, but instead it seems that I have just about enough to fight without getting carried away. I think that the team's veteran members have more respect for me as well. Robin seemed rather impressed with my scan of Mister Twister's systems, though more in a 'that's cool' way than a 'let's revolutionise weather control' way. They seemed to regard deafening Superboy as unfortunate but not that stupid. I don't know what they think about him being up and about again.

Thinking about it, the Justice League don't have a medical professional amongst their ranks. Or on staff, since they don't have a staff. Does Mister Zatara use healing magic? I don't really remember much about his comic book alter ego, other than how he died. Zatanna exists here. Hm, wonder if she'll be joining us?

Self-actualisation. Even though it blew itself up I still think shielding the potentially self-aware robot from M'gann was the correct choice. I think what I said about telepathy not being a guide to personhood got through. I do need to start work on my big project, brainstorm who should exist here who might be able to handle an orange ring. Heck, we'll be a Lantern Corps. I can pick from anywhere in the galaxy.

Who can I remember that can channel their desires productively without being overwhelmed?

I hear a dull thump as something imbeds in a tree nearby. I look around and see Robin's grapple. Yeah, I guess this place is a bit hard to get to if you can't fly. I wonder what he wants. We haven't really spoken much since the team came together. Aside from both being trainee superheroes we don't really have anything in common, and then there's the age difference. I wonder if I should tell him I know who he is, and if so, should I say that I used the ring or suggest that I played Guess Who with Gotham notables until I came to an answer. I did that, just for fun, and you can pretty much work out who Batman is if you know what you're doing. The ring made getting the information necessary to make the eliminations easier, of course.

I hear a grunt as he pulls himself over the edge. "Need a hand?"

"Nah, I'm fine." He's upright, and pulls his grapple out of the wood.

"Did you come up for the view?" I take another bite of baguette. I think I left the yeast for just long enough this time.

And then he's kneeling besides me, one arm around my shoulder and the other in front of my face. His holographic computer is active, and a single name is showing. Aaron. I blink, trying to work out what is going on.

"Can I surmise that your intent is to scroll through names until I react?"

"You said you didn't mind us knowing."

"Quite the contrary; I'd like to have people call me by my name. But do you have them arranged alphabetically, or in order of popularity? I ask because while I believe my name is reasonably popular it isn't near the beginning of the alphabet."

"Oh. Huh." The arm around my shoulder is retracted for a moment as he rearranges the list. "Thinking about it, it probably makes sense to try and get the first letter before going after the rest of the name."

I still myself. Don't think the name, think the letter. Think about it in some other context. Parking sign! "P."

"That should make it easier." The arm and the screen return, and my name is showing. I can look at it, as long as I don't concentrate on it. But Robin's friendly arm can feel my reaction. "So it's 'Paul', then?"

"Yes."

"Huh." He stands up and walks forward to look at the view.

"What were you expecting?"

His face creases. "I don't know."

"Feel free to tell the others."

"You really can't say it?"

I suppose I might be able to say it now that someone knows. "Hello, I'm Orange Lantern two eight one four, but you can call me ugr ugh-."

Looks like I can't. Robin turns back to me as I try to relax my throat. He's grinning. "Okay. 'Ugr Ugh' it is."

I stare at him for a moment. Yep, that's annoying.

"Y'know, when you said that happened, kinda thought you were joking."

"'Fraid... Ah, I'm afraid not."

"Does that hurt?"

"It feels like a small blockage in my windpipe. Nothing major."

He's wearing sunglasses. Now that I think about it I don't think I've seen him without them. It is fairly bright today, but I'm not sure why he had them on inside. I know that his eyes are in perfect condition. I wave my right hand and an orange lounger forms. "Take a seat."

He walks alongside it and studies it for a moment, before flopping down on to the cushion, hands behind his head. "You planning on spending the day up here?"

"I didn't finish meditating earlier, so I needed to do that. I had been planning to spend most of the day over the Pacific. Now, I'm kind of off schedule. You have any plans?"

"Ugh, probably spend it filling in a report on the fight with Mister Twister."

"Mine took two minutes."

"Two minutes?!"

"I have a power ring. Power rings are awesome."

"Yeah, but, paperwork?"

"It's just an information transfer. Plus, the ring records pretty much everything that happens around me. Made the timeline easy."

"Huh." He leans back again, then his expression brightens. "I know. Why don't I just copy yours?"

"No."

"Come on. It was the same fight."

"Quite aside from the fact that there were bits you saw that I didn't, report writing is a valuable skill to learn."

"Phss. Oh, hey, I saw that Superboy's up and about."

"That wasn't as complicated as I though it might be."

"You rebuilt his whole auditory canal."

"The ring handled the fiddly bits."

"Even so..."

"Wasn't like I was designing the thing from scratch."

"Sure, you were repairing him, but it's still-."

"No, I didn't know what his original looked like. I ended up copying and pasting Superman's."

"When'd you scan his?"

"About half an hour ago. I don't have to be close to do it if I want it enough."

He frowns. "Wait. Do you mean that his ears weren't the same as Superman's?"

Whoops. "I realise that I'm not a medical doctor, but I don't think I should talk about that without his permission."

"Ah, fine."

"What are the rest of you doing for lunch?"

"Kid Flash ordered pizza. I was going to ask what you wanted, but..." He gestures to the remains of my baguette. Mistake on my part.

"He's not getting them delivered here, is he?"

"No, he's picking up."

"Can he carry that many pizza boxes?"

"Yeah. He's had lots'a practice."

I can believe it. I get up. "I should probably head back down. Any plans once the report writing is finished?"

He gets off the lounger as I create a platform to float us down. He walks on board. "M'gann said something about Acapulco?"

*Episode 04*: Prod Zone

19th July
12:49 GMT -6

I peer into the desiccated face of what was once our target.

"Ye-ap. This one's not alive either."

After yesterday I thought it might be good for M'gann and Superboy to get out of the base on something that looked kind of like a mission. Which is why we're walking through the swamps of Louisiana in an attempt to track down either Doctor Alec Holland or, as I hope, Swamp Thing. Finding the weird mutant plant he nominally lives in was quite simple for the ring. Finding the Elemental himself is presently defeating us. This is the seventh abandoned Swamp Thing body we've come across.

Robin is helping Red Tornado investigate Mister Twister's remains. American summer holidays are really long, apparently. He wanted to come until I said that it was unlikely anything interesting was going to happen and Red Tornado made it clear that we were obliged to retreat in the event of a hostile reception. His orders may not be binding like Batman's or Diana's but I don't want to irritate him all the same.

Wallace is back in Central City doing... Something. Possibly washing his hair. Since Robin let everyone know my name Wallace decided it would be fair to share his. Apparently, not even his mother calls him Wallace and I'm on a list with his grandmother and his geography teacher.

Kaldur wanted to plan out team training activities. I also asked him about getting the base warded against arcane attack. He said that it was a bit beyond his abilities. Mentioned some Atlantean friends of his who might have been up to it. Someone named Tula -whose name sounded vaguely familiar from the comics- and Garth. Kaldur became Aquaman's aide after he and Garth aided him in combat against Ocean Master. Both were offered the position, but Garth chose to remain at Conservatory of Sorcery instead in this timeline. Would he have chosen differently if Kaldur wasn't there? I don't remember his comic background well enough to know if that's how it happened there. Kaldur also said that my referring to him as Royal Champion was a bit premature. He doesn't actually have a formal court title as yet.

Superboy appears to be adjusting well to his new and improved ears. He's currently photographing and taking samples from different parts of the Swamp Thing modified plants that we've found so far. M'gann and I are doing a bit of exploring. Since none of us know which bits are safe to step on floating over the ground is really the best way to do it. Superboy looked a bit down at the whole 'can't join in because you can't fly' aspect of the thing, but as I told him, we need information. He perked up a little once M'gann offered to teach him to fly the Bio-Ship.

**Orange Lantern to Miss Martian.**

**It sounds weird when you think it.**

**I'm still not sold on the whole 'secret identity' thing. Makes even less sense for you.**

**My Earth name is similar to my Martian name.**

**Actual name.**

**Right. And my face is the same, just a different color. People might make the connection if they heard it.**

**Anyone on Earth capable of telepathic eavesdropping could already get your secret identity. I don't suppose you've heard anything from our target?**

**I don't know what a Plant Elemental's mind would sound like, but.. so far it's just swamp creatures.**

**Right. He's either not here or he's avoiding us. I'll do a ring scan and then I think we should break for lunch. Try a different approach in the afternoon. Superboy, you about done on your end?**

**Yeah.**

**Red Tornado say anything about the pictures?**

**He said he'd get someone to look at it.**

I smile. **Anyone know a super powered botanist other than Pamela Isley?**

**Who?** / **Who?**

Neither of them have heard of her? **Poison Ivy? Crazy Gotham plant woman? Feeds people to giant pitcher plants?**

Silence from Superboy.

**I.. think I remember Robin mentioning her.**

**Right, when we get back I'm sticking both of you in front of some case files. You need to know this stuff.** I get a sense of disgruntlement from Superboy. I'll snap him out of that. **You think Superman doesn't read up on potential threats? You think he hasn't invested a great deal of effort in finding out exactly how hard he has to hit someone to put them down quickly without causing permanent damage? Being strong isn't enough, you have to know how to use it.**

**Fine.**

Done it again. **Look, I was thinking about asking Diana to give you some hand to hand combat tuition. I'm not convinced that Black Canary's martial arts are going to be of much use to someone as strong as you. Is that something you'd be interested in?**

There's a brief pause. **I should be getting taught by Superman.**

Haven't seen him around, actually. **How are things between you and him anyway?** There's a flash of something from M'gann. Feels like... Panic? **What?**

**They're fine!**

**Okay, well, let me know if you're interested. I'll see you both back at the ship.** If the swamp were a bit dryer, I might find it pretty. As it is the mud and mosquitoes put me right off. "Ring, scan for any more piles of vines that used to be Swamp Thing."

Immediately I can feel their locations. Wanting something more precise I create a map construct with their locations. There's about forty, plus or minus seven for degrees of decay. No real pattern, other than there seem to be more around his home, and none of them are moving. Makes sense. I save the map and fly back towards the ship.

There's a shallow pool to one side of the.. tree..? Vine mound? I have no idea what to call the thing Swamp Thing lives in. Beautiful and quite alien. I doubt it would survive without his attention and upkeep. The Bio-Ship is hovering over the more solid ground on the other side, stealth disengaged. Superboy left a letter from us addressed to the owner, asking him to get in contact. I somehow doubt that he will.

I fly around to the rear entrance and enter the ship. Superboy's in the pilot's seat with M'gann standing over him, pointing out the basic controls. Superboy hunches slightly as I land. M'gann turns around and smiles nervously at me.

**This is just coming to you. Superman and Superboy... Well... Superman didn't take finding out that someone cloned him particularly well. I don't think they've spoken since the others got him out of Cadmus.**

**Fiddlesticks.** She frowns slightly. **Dah, okay, sorry. I'll try and fix it.**

She nods, and turns back to Superboy. "Okay Superboy, take us up."

His hands move over the controls and the ship rises above the canopy. I'm not worried about being seen. If the comics are anything to go by this whole area is inhabited only by crazy people who see far weirder stuff on a daily basis. If the comics aren't anything to go by then there's still nothing anywhere near here. I walk over to sit at the right forward seat. I know we brought packed lunches, but...

Idea!

I swivel the chair around to face them.

"How about we go and find a restaurant? There's got to be somewhere that does good food around here. My treat, if we can find somewhere that will take gold as payment."

It took M'gann a while to convince me that American roadside food can actually be quite good. That is very much not the case in England. It took me a while to convince her that going outside the ship with green skin would be perfectly fine. I certainly wasn't planning to drop my shield in a state full of gun owners, and hanging around with someone who glows orange while in her civies would do more to give the game away than going in Martian. Superboy didn't much care either way.

That was why on Monday the nineteenth of July in the year of our lord two thousand and ten a Martian Bio-Ship dropped camouflage over Grammy Smith's Roadside Kitchen, between Houma and Morgan City, just off Highway 90.

"Ring, prevent mobile phone calls." An extremely nervous looking M'gann levitates herself down to the ground from the back hatch. I turn to Superboy. "D'you want me to-?"

He jumps down the seven or so meters to the ground, landing in a crouch. I float down after him to where M'gann is waving hesitantly at the few diners already present. "Er... Hi?"

They are too busy gawping to return her greeting. Superboy scans the area once, then snorts. Ah! The counter. I stride towards it. "Come on, this way. Either of you actually know anything about Louisianan food?"

Turns out? Superboy does. At least, to the extent of knowing what was in things. Better still, he didn't zombify much when he explained it to us. Maybe simple information integrates faster? Perhaps that means he'll get all of the rest without telepathic help. I order what I think is some sort of seafood stew with rice and Superboy and M'gann order a Risotto. Both food types are kept ready to serve behind the counter, but I can see the next batch being cooked so it's probably pretty fresh. They also order Coke, and I think about asking for a large glass of milk before I realise that they probably don't have enough and order orange juice instead. The cook seems to find our presence amusing, and laughs out loud when I hand him three gold coins to pay for it.

"No way, man! No way anyone is gunna believe this happened! These coins? These're gunna get me arrested!"

We take our food and walk to the most isolated free picnic table. It isn't a large area, so we aren't even out of earshot of the people who are just emerging from their stupor. I briefly consider sticking a shield up... But that would be rude.

Ring, one way sound baffle.

There's a brief orange surge, and a sound like collecting a water shield in Sonic 3. M'gann looks at me inquisitorially.

"Sound baffle. Makes it harder for people to hear what we're saying."

"Oh. Okay..."

She looks nervously at the other diners, some of whom are taking pictures of us and the ship. A group of children are either trying to jump up to the back hatch of the Bio-Ship or are re-enacting Superboy's jump down. Superboy's already started eating. Conversation has never been a great skill of mine, but if I can start with anything...

"You said that you were planning to attend high school. What year are you planning to start in?"

"Oh, I'm, ah, I'm starting as a sophomore."

I load my fork with what I think might be oyster. I wanted to leave my food comfort zone and -hooray!- I have. Well and bloody truly. "M'gann, I'm English. Our education system is structured differently. What does that mean in terms of how old your classmates are going to be?"

She's trying to split her attention between me, her food and the other diners. "They'll be sixteen. Mostly, anyway. How does it work in England?"

"At sixteen you're in the last year of secondary school. At the end of the year you take your GCSE exams, and then you're done with compulsory education."

"Really? That early?"

"I've never thought of it as early. A lot of people do go on to college for the next two years, or do a vocational qualification, but, yeah."

"That does seem a bit young."

"According to his personnel file, Kaldur started national service when he was twelve. Not sure how that works."

"Maybe it was a military school?"

"Maybe. Any thoughts on what you want to do after you finish school?" That question warrants a hurried mouthful. Yeah, remember that feeling. She shakes her head. "Its not an immediate concern, but you should probably start thinking about it if you intend to move to Earth on a permanent basis. I got the impression that you were planning on living here?"

"I'd like to."

"Thing about being a superhero? You usually don't get paid to do it."

"Usually?"

"Green Lanterns get paid by the Guardians. It's not great money, but you can live off it. Particularly when bounty payments are taken into account."

"They get paid bounties? That doesn't sound.. very..."

I wave a hand to stop her. "Not by the Corps, but a lot of the people they end up going after have bounties on them from other places."

"Do you get paid by your Corps?"

"Orange Lanterns assume that if you can't work out how to make money with a power ring then you're probably too stupid to be given one. Green Lanterns need to get paid because the Guardians have very strict rules against Lanterns using power rings for their own ends."

"And you can use your ring for whatever you want?"

"The Corps doesn't place restrictions. There's things I won't do with it. I mean, Sinestro got booted out of the Green Corps for using his ring to take over his homeworld. I wouldn't want to do that."

"So you used your ring to get gold?"

"And platinum. Asteroid mining. Most of the Mars - Jupiter asteroid belt was untouched, so I used the ring to smelt some metal. Maybe an half an hour's work for what I've spent in this parallel so far, and I've been overpaying. Actually, that surprised me a bit: how come Martians haven't got involved in asteroid mining?"

"We've never really needed to. And, well, most Martians aren't very interested in leaving the caves."

"Ooh, maybe we need to introduce the rest of Martian society to the joys of Earth television?"

She smiles. "That might just turn them all into couch potatoes."

I'm finding the textures odd, but the food actually tastes quite good. It pretty much falls into my preferred gap in between 'we-call-it-a-kitchen-but-basically-we-just-microwave-stuff' and 'what-do-you-mean-you-don't-like-cheese-and-tomato-ice-cream'. Stuff that you actually enjoy eating.

Now for the tricky bit. "Superboy, how about you?"

He stops eating and looks at me, as if he's surprised that I'm there. "What about me?"

"School. Education. Do you have any plans, or has anyone talked to you about it?"

"No."

"Do you think it might be good to look into?"

"No." I give him what I hope is an encouraging smile. Please say something else..? "I'm a weapon. I know how to hit things. I don't need to learn anything else." He goes back to eating.

Ooooo keeeey....

"But there's so many other things you could learn to do as well!"

Think you're on to a loser there, M'gann.

"I don't-" He swallows. "-need anything else. I don't want anything else."

Well, that's... yeah. Okay. M'gann and I share a look. New topic. Erm...

I should probably eat this before it gets cold. M'gann and I both focus on eating. Superboy's finished, and is glaring moodily at some of the other diners. Or maybe it's a Jason Bourne thing and he's working out potential attack vectors and escape routes?

There is one thing I've been thinking about. "I must admit, I was surprised that Mr J'onzz was prepared to take you in. I didn't think that he and his brother got on."

She looks at me in surprise. "You know uncle Ma'al?"

"By reputation only."

"No, they... Whaw, they really don't get on. My mom is their sister."

"That makes more sense. Any other family?"

"There's my mom and my dad, my brothers and sisters."

"Brothers and sisters? You come from a large family?"

"Not really. Only seventeen boys and thirteen girls. I mean, I've got about three hundred cousins, but it's not really... What?"

I'm gaping. "How many!"

"Why is..? Oh! I suppose by Human standards that is quite big."

"Just a bit, yes."

"What about you? Um, if you don't mind?"

"Both parents still with us, and one sister. Four cousins, if you're wondering."

"I suppose that could be nice. You must be able to remember all their names and birthdays."

One out of two isn't bad. "About the after school thing. Unless you want a normal job for the sake of it, you'd probably be better off finding a unique service you can offer, and charging people for it."

She chews for a moment. "I know there aren't many Human telepaths or shape shifters."

"There you go. Now, what can you do with those things that people will pay you for?"

"Most Humans I've met haven't been very keen on mind reading."

"I used to watch a television series where telepaths were routinely used in business negotiations to ensure that neither party was trying to deceive the other. There isn't a market now, but it's worth thinking about."

"What series was that?"

"Babylon Five. Don't bother looking it up, it doesn't exist here."

She thinks for a moment. "I suppose... Counselling services? I'm not sure I like the idea of going inside damaged minds."

"Not much money in it anyway. But if you can create telepathic suggestions you could offer your services to people trying to stop smoking. Or to stop using harder drugs."

"Mind control?"

"Very limited mind control that they ask for and pay you to perform, and that you can undo whenever they ask."

"I suppose... I don't think I like the idea of doing that sort of thing either."

I shrug. "No problem. Just an idea. How about telepathic illusions?"

"I've been practising, but I'm not that good yet. How about shapeshifting instead?"

"There's modelling. Don't really have any suggestions about that. Acting, but that will require a lot of time. Could work. I think Animal Man works as a stunt double. Money won't be all that great for a while if you're just looking for something to fund your superheroing."

"Well, it isn't as if I have to decide right now."

"True." New topic time. "Why is it that you're choosing to live in the mountain rather than with your uncle?"

"Uncle J'onn isn't around all that much. It was kinda lonely. Plus, I think he prefers being on his own."

"You think us living in a known superhero base is a good idea?"

M'gann looks at Superboy, intentionally giving him a chance to respond, before giving up with a small sigh. "Kid Flash said that we're hiding in plain sight."

"How so?"

"Because... The bad guys know it's a secret superhero base, so they won't look for us there?"

Eh? "That... that really isn't how hiding in plain sight works. A disused base suddenly showing activity draws attention. It would only be hiding in plain sight if there was some other more obvious explanation for it going live again that meant they ignored us."

She smiles. "You think you'll be attacked in your sleep?"

"I'm not worried about that; I sleep wearing a personal force field generator. I'm more worried about what happens if the mountain becomes a tourist attraction like the Hall of Justice. Even if we can cope with an aggressor, random holiday makers would just be hostage fodder."

"Our missions aren't usually going to happen near the mountain. And the Hall of Justice is hardly ever attacked."

"Umm, suppose. Oh, know what I've noticed?"

"What?"

"There's three people here but only two of them are talking. So! Superboy. Had any thoughts on a first name yet?"

He actually seems to think about that one. "No." But the result is the same.

M'gann looks concerned. "You do want one, right?"

He fidgets a little. "Well... Yeah..."

"Given any thought to the sort of name you want? Something Human, something Kryptonian, something that works in both?"

He think about it for a moment. "What... Kryptonian names do you know?"

"Sorry, not many. The male Kryptonian names I remember were all short. Kal, Jor, Dru. I can't even remember what Jor-El's brother was called. I suppose... Er... One of the Greenies might have better records." Not suggesting he ask Superman. Now, do I try to convince him to go for Kon-El/Conner Kent, or just let him do his own thing? Could be awkward if I forget his choice.

"How about Conner?" And M'gann out of absolutely nowhere. She seems strangely enthusiastic.

Superboy looks at me. Why? Oh. Kryptonian authenticity checking. "It works for a Human name, but it's a bit long for Krypton. Maybe if you just used the first syllable?" Might as well... "Maybe if you spelt the Kryptonian version with a K rather than a C?"

He avoids eye contact as he thinks about it. "Kon. El." I'm not sure that he likes it, but he doesn't seem able to come up with a reason to dislike it. And it sounds a bit like Superman's name. "Kon-El. Okay." He actually sounded calm when he said that, without his usual angry or confused tinge. It sounds better. Looks like M'gann's still in to bat for 'Conner'.

"Maybe Conner could be your Earth name. Like I'm using Megan Morse."

"I don't need one."

He'd probably take one if I demonstrated that Superman had a secret identity, but I think that would be tipping my hand a bit much. Another reason, then. "You might want to pretend to be Human at some point. For a reconnaissance mission, or something. It would probably work better if you were used to responding to a Human style name."

He thinks about it, then shrugs. "I guess."

Continuity preserved, or something like it. Time to get back to work. Ring, display list of names. There are no Abigail Arcanes, but there are seven Abigail Cables and two Abigail Hollands. The ring creates a hologram-like screen for M'gann and Superb-. Kon-El. Time to relearn what I already know. The display also has their addresses. "We'll check out the list, then head home. Remember, mid twenties to mid thirties, and she should have white hair with a black streak. If we see her and she starts freaking out, just back away and record the address." I smile. "Kon-El, anything to add?"

He looks blank for a moment, then... Did he just nearly smile? "Maybe... Maybe we shouldn't crowd her. It'll be less intimidating if only one of us speaks to her at a time."

"Good point. And well volunteered."

"What?"

"Abigail Jane Cable is closest." I stand up and turn to the Bio-Ship. The crowd looks bigger than when we arrived, but fortunately they leave a clear space around us. I wave my right hand and an orange staircase appears from the ground to the Bio-Ship's rear hatch. M'gann and Kon follow me up.

"I know you can lift more, but that isn't the aim here. You're supposed to lift a smaller weight repeatedly. Building strength rather than showing off what you already have."

It's a mark of how much our relationship has improved this week that Kon actually appears to listen to what I say, rather than snapping at me or storming off. He's lying on a bench press bench I fabricated out of tungsten after the normal steel one we tried this with collapsed under the weight. Near his head is an orange construct weight rest with a construct set of barbells. The barbells show fifty tonnes. It won't actually weight anything until he picks it up, and it will stop weighing anything if he gets into difficulty.

Not too many people around who can spot for a Kryptonian.

This morning wasn't the first time that he mentioned his dissatisfaction with his sub-Superman abilities. Rather than let him either mope or try to persuade me to take a chance on modifying his body I suggested improving his strength in the traditional way. I doubt that any improvement will be significant. Really, I just want something to focus his attention on, but he seems to be pretty into it. We started on regular weights, but even loading the bar up to its maximum it still didn't strain him. So I had the ring exert thirty tonnes and the bench broke.

He reaches under the rest and puts his hands on to the bar, pushing up slightly. The ring creates the downwards force and he begins pushing. Up down up down up down up no no no. "Kon, it's about power under control. Slower. Here." I create a metronome construct with a three second swing. "One swing up, one swing down. It's harder to hold the bar with your arms bent than it is to hold it fully up."

He nods, then resumes. It's weird, really. He can lift fifty tonnes like it's no big deal, but is still perfectly capable of fine object manipulation without risking breaking whatever he's holding. No idea how it works. Maybe the level of strength he employs is somehow controlled by his intent? Wasn't he a touch telekinetic in the comics to begin with?

Watching his muscles move is impressive. My ring modified body probably has a little more definition -definitely not earned, I haven't spent any time in the gym for my own exercise- but even ignoring his super strength his muscles are clearly the larger. I haven't watched someone like him lift weights before and it's strangely enthralling. Kon changed into a vest for this and I can watch his muscles move as the tension shifts to different muscle groups.

There's a blast of displaced air and then Wallace-. "Guys! We're getting a mission!"

Kon holds the bar with his elbows bent at ninety degrees. Maybe I am setting the weight a bit low? "Finally."

He moves it to the rest, and sits up as I delete the construct. Should I be nervous? I'm not sure. I'm now fairly confident in my ability to protect both myself and my team mates. Shielding others was the main thing our recent team practises have allowed me to get good at. I can armour up Kon and M'gann in a second or so, and create versions of my environmental shielding for the others. Robin said that he preferred if I didn't use it on him as the orange glow draws the eye when he'd rather use evasion and misdirection. Kon, on the other hand, has been using it to the maximum. Barrier type construct shields are even easier, and I can use simple constructs on separate tasks without really concentrating.

"Do you have any other information for us?"

And the wind leaves his sails. "No. But Batman's coming down later to give the briefing."

Kon's a bit more interested. "When?"

"Batman's getting here about five."

If Wallace knows, then... "Can I assume you heard about this from Robin?"

"Yeah."

"He didn't tell you anything else?"

He gives me an irritated look. "Y'know, you could be more excited about this."

I lean back and cross my arms across my chest. "I don't have anything to be excited about yet."

It's a little frustrating. If we're doing this mission today I'd like a chance to do some preparatory reading. Maybe practise construct types appropriate to the local threats. And if Batman is coming here, he must already know more or less what we'll be going in to. No reason he couldn't send an information packet over.

Whaw, listen to me. Actually sound like I know what I'm doing.

Kon doesn't understand my lack of interest. "This finally shows that they're taking us seriously."

"Kon, have you any idea how much it cost them to rebuild this place? This was always going to happen."

Timing's a bit awkward. If we're being deployed this evening then we're going to have to move dinner. Maybe we can rush the mission and find somewhere decent to eat out? Wallace doesn't get to pick this time. Not after the Mexican gut horror.

I could really use more information.

"I suppose using the ring to spy on Batman to find out more would be impolite."

They both look at me, shocked. Wallace speaks first. "You can do that?"

"I'm not going to."

"But you could?"

"Sure. Simply do a long range scan for Batman's DNA and then set the ring to report whatever he says."

Kon thinks about it. "Like you did when you scanned Superman."

"Exactly. Far easier to get the sound around a person than to perform a high grade medical scan."

"Dude. Seriously?"

"A power ring's scanning capacity is a function of the emotional power of the user and its energy reserves. I'd like more information, Batman's almost certainly in North America and I'm fully charged."

"The Bat Cave's got loads of anti-surveillance tech."

"Most of which is early twenty first century Human technology. I doubt any of it could stop a power ring."

"How... Long... Have you been able to do this?"

"From the moment I got the ring. Any Lantern could. Any competent Lantern. Really, the League's fortunate that Sinestro doesn't understand Human society at all, because he could pretty much wreck-."

Wallace's face is a picture of astonished surprise. "Are you seriously saying you think the other Lanterns are incompetent?"

"My mentor was hamstrung by his ring's lack of AI support, and by the fact he couldn't get training. I haven't seen any footage of Lantern Gardner. But the other two? From what I've seen in recordings, I haven't been impressed. They seem to have trained exclusively for power with no appreciation for the more subtle uses of the ring. Which is a shame, because I'm sure their teachers -Lanterns Sinestro and Tui- would have at least tried to expand their range a little."

"They're Justice League members! The League's first Green Lantern saved hundreds of people when Star Sapphire attacked the Las Vegas airshow! He beat the Golden Condor by freezing an entire waterfall solid!"

"Brute. Force. Star Sapphire was after him anyway, and the Golden Condor's transmutation ability only works on physical contact. Why was it even able to touch him?"

Kon frowns. "You really don't admire any other Lanterns?"

"There are four Green Lanterns whom I admire. Lantern Medphyl, for his comportment. If there was any justice he'd be running the Greenies' training program rather than that muscle brain Kilowog. Lantern Jack Chance, for his initiative. He actually carries backup weapons in case something goes wrong with his ring. Most Lanterns don't even wear actual armour, and I'm happy to learn from their mistake. Lantern Rot Lop Fan, for his adaptability. His species doesn't even have a concept of light, so he, hah, thinks that he's a member of something called the F-Sharp Bell Corps, and uses sonic constructs. And Lantern Kreon, for being the most highly skilled construct user in existence. A construct only needs to exist for a second to do its work but most Lanterns -myself included- can't quite get their heads around the idea. Most manage better than boxing gloves, though."

Kon bases his whole heroic identity on Superman. It's clear that he can't really relate to my position. "And no Orange Lanterns?"

Pff. "I surpass Larfleeze by leaving my bedroom each morning. There's nothing admirable there."

"And the others?"

How to put this? "The reason why I meditate each day is to prevent myself from turning out like the others; slaves to their base drives. I feel nothing for them but contempt."

22nd July
20:06 GMT -5

Reconnaissance on a Santa Priscan drug factory? Sounds straight forward enough. I should be able to get most of the information we need via ring scan. Unfortunately, I can't get my head around the idea of the combat drug Venom being a major problem in a world with guns, not sufficiently well to do so long distance anyway. I also don't understand why the US government hasn't done something about Santa Prisca before now. From what Batman was saying its leading exports appear to be drugs, guns and mercenaries. It has basically no friends internationally. Baffling. Batman said that the Justice League would intervene if necessary, so, here's hoping we find something.

We're on the Bio-Ship, heading out over the Caribbean Sea. Wallace and Robin have the front seats. Kon and I are at M'gann's right (hooray for shape shifting decks) and Aqualad is at her left. Everyone except Kon is in uniform. Thinking about it, I suppose he doesn't really have one. I can't think of a material which would stand up to the forces he puts it under.

Fact is, when it comes to stealth? I'm a huge liability. I mean, I glow orange. A lot orange, when I'm actually fighting. As a result, Batman's instructions to me were to remain airborne while my team mates go in on the ground. I'll provide mapping and -if necessary- fire support. If I get high enough I should be mistaken for either a plane or a star. I suggested waiting underwater off the coast instead, but he was concerned that would affect my response time.

"We're approaching Santa Prisca."

The Bio-Ship's mind -or whatever- relays its sensors directly to M'gann's head via her telepathy. I thought about creating a construct map for everyone else to follow, but that might be rude, and the orange glow would be 'off theme' for stealth. Everyone else seems focused, and pretty sombre. I'm relaxed. After leaving Wallace and Kon in the gym I took a quick look through the BBC's current affairs section to try and get some idea what we would be doing. Nothing jumped out at me, so I spent most of the rest of the time either practising rapid construct formation or meditating. Maybe I'm just less emotionally invested in this than a group who've idolised their mentors for as long as my team mates have.

Through the sky around us I can see clouds and -I think- a mountain top. The map Batman showed us had locations marked but I didn't pick up on relief features. And then I know it's Monte Amarcore, named after the home village of the captain of the first Spanish vessel to land here. The aboriginal name for it translated as something like 'desolate lookout point', but since the aboriginal groups were completely broken up during the colonial occupation no one uses it.

Is the team ready? We can coordinate our efforts much better thanks to the training Aqualad organised. We haven't completely gelled yet, but we're getting there. During the briefing Robin asked Batman who was in charge. I honestly had assumed that he'd be directing us from the mountain himself. I even offered to set up an uninterruptible communication link, but apparently that goes against the purpose of the exercise. Makes sense, really. Batman wants us to pick a team leader, but it's obviously Aqualad. We haven't even needed to discuss it.

"Drop zone A in thirty."

I thought about getting off the ship early, but since neither part of the group should be moving on the objective until everyone is down it really makes more sense for me to stay on board until the ship reaches the mid point. Otherwise, people looking up might wonder why the star is moving.

Kaldur stands and presses his belt buckle, turning his red vest dull grey. That technology isn't widespread. Either it's very expensive -which wouldn't make sense, otherwise he'd just have two vests- or no one in the Justice League is thinking about the fashion possibilities. "Ready."

"Putting Bio-Ship in camouflage mode."

I wonder if camouflage drains power, or tires the ship out? If not we should have been in camouflage mode since we left the US coast. If the people below have radar... Does this ship show up on radar? Have to ask afterwards.

The ship drops down to just above sea level, and Aqualad dives out through the floor hatch. If I had any doubts about his more than baseline Human physique before, I don't now. We're moving darn fast, and he hit the water without any indication of discomfort. There are anti-submarine nets around this part of the shore -not sure why- so he's going to cut through and make landfall on an empty stretch of coastline to nobble the ground based sensor network. Advanced infrared sensors and AK forty sevens. Weird. Not to mention the fact that the sensors don't have anyone looking after them on site. Or minefields.

**Heat and motion sensors are patched. It is now on a continuous loop. Move in.**

Wallace made some noise about wanting to use radio, but part of our group training session was devoted to getting used to telepathic communication and we're fairly used to it. After our away sessions together even Kon didn't complain.

I'm out next. In order to minimise the chance of my light being seen my environmental shield will be on absolute minimum. I'll be very nearly hanging off the ring until I get to two kilometres up. My active power level is so low that the sigils on my chest and arms have returned to the grey of the rest of the material. I rise and walk to the back of the ship. Hands clasped at my chest I lean into the rear door, which opens around me as I fall through the gap. It's a bit like diving. The ring arrests my motion once I'm clear and the ship carries on to the deployment zone for the rest of the team. I rise, with the ring notifying me of our height at intervals.

I could use OrangeVision to watch the ship, but that might brighten my aura. I'm rising at around ten metres per second, so I'll be ready in about three minutes.

**Drop zone B.**

Telepathic communication also has the advantage of keeping team members separated from the main group notified on their progress. If M'gann had just spoken that, Kaldur and I wouldn't know they'd arrived.

Wallace just shifted the colour of his armour to black.

How do I know that?

Information did not come from this ring. Most plausible alternative is image sharing via telepathic link.

That can happen?

Affirmative.

Not getting that from Kaldur... So, I get it from M'gann because she's maintaining the link?

This ring lacks data on which to make further observations.

**Very impressive.**

M'gann just changed the colour of her own clothes, though I note with a mental eye roll that she left the big red cross over her centre of mass in place. I asked earlier and it's the closest Manhunters have to an actual uniform. Historically Martians haven't bothered with much in the way of clothing and straps across the chest were once used for carrying tools and other objects. Later, red straps became the military norm and M'gann and Mister J'onn have maintained it despite having access to this wonderful Human invention called 'pockets'.

Hm. If I'm getting more detail from her...

I try thinking the image of a sniper noticing and taking aim at the red cross in the dark. I feel her surprise as she receives it, and I smile as she darkens the cross to a less noticeable dull red. Progress!

**No capes, no tights. No offense.**

Just about the only thing about Superman which Kon doesn't admire. I'll have to see what happened to his original bodysuit, the one ruined during his escape from Cadmus. If the League can replicate the technology that it used then he might end up with a skin tight costume that actually makes sense. Superman could end up using the material as well. Might help them have a conversation.

I get why Superman finds being around him weird, but a single conversation wouldn't kill him, surely? I asked Diana about it, and apparently Kal-El is usually very interested in everything Kryptonian. I suppose it's the American thing of obsessing about your heritage, like how many New Yorkers will describe themselves as Irish despite never having been to Ireland. Maybe me describing him as Kon-El's father was a bit much. I said it because I thought that was how Kon thought of him, and it is biologically true...

**It totally works for you.** Seems M'gann likes the way he looks now just fine. And without thinking about it I send her the image of a sweaty Kon pumping iron. I feel her eyes widen. Shouldn't have done that. **I-i-i-i-in that, that you can totally do good-. Good work in those clothes.** Nearly as smooth as Wallace. I feel her hide her blush with invisibility and her cloak.

From up here I can see the lights around the touristy parts of the island on the west coast. Quite a nice place to visit, if you don't mind the armed guards and can ignore the occasional peasant getting beaten up in the alleyways. Most hotels are on the beach, so the interaction between foreigner cash cows and 'free-range' locals are kept to a minimum.

I feel a squawk of alarm from M'gann as she, Robin and W... Kid Flash -mission now- dive aside as Superboy jumps down from the Bio-Ship without a harness. He seems to like doing that. Maybe he's testing his might against the ground?

**Knew I didn't need a line.**

**And yet, creating a seismic event might not have helped us much with the covert.**

M'gann decides to do the job. **Aqualad, Orange Lantern. Drop B is go.**

**Orange Lantern at altitude. Beginning scans.**

An orange sphere appears around me. One of the things I really liked about the film 'Avatar' was the computer monitors where a hand gesture could transfer a document or program from one terminal to another. My WarSphereTM construct feeds information from my scans onto orange screens on the interior surface, and they respond to my touch. I originally tried having them respond to my thoughts but that got a bit chaotic. Having actual monitors would help as I'd get colour. Maybe some sort of liquid crystal thing that could roll flat? I could stick it in subspace, and it wouldn't actually need any processing capacity.

**Main team, head for the factory. I'll track your GPS and rendezvous ASAP.**

**Roger that.**

I'm now tracking everything.

Sort of. I tried making myself aware of every potential enemy on the island, and I couldn't cope. So I've created windows monitoring each of the larger concentrations of armed personnel and arranged them by region. One group in the area around the factory looks like central casting South American rebels, but it's the other that appears to hold the place. They appear to have a wider range of racial backgrounds, and they're wearing the red hoods that the ring informs me are characteristic of members of the Kobra organisation.

Unfortunately, GI Joe doesn't exist in this parallel, so I can't make the obvious joke.

I passed that information on to the others. Robin said that this wasn't in accordance with Kobra's usual MO. Doesn't really change the mission; we still need to get eyes in the factory and to find out where the Venom is going.

I've also found the airfield, and truck depot. Ah, for a bit of a run up and a kinetic harpoon. They appear to be stacking some crates near what looks like the centre of the landing area.

Bane supposedly has links to the Santa Priscan government, mostly in a money-for-pretending-you're-not-there kind of way. No actual local military units in the area, though. Maybe he doesn't want them to know that he's been ejected from his -and their- revenue source. They'd get a lot of good will handing him over to North American or South American authorities. Actually located the man himself, as well. That felt weird. I can see you, Mister Major Supervillain, but you can't see me.

Kid Flash and Superboy were in favour of ambushing a small patrol of Bane's men for information, but Aqualad reminded them that this was a covert recon mission. One burst of gunfire and our location would be given away, and no local faction would make a point of knocking its enemies out and not killing them. Wanting to avoid the patrols resulted in a minor detour from the team's planned route, moving back around a rock formation to approach from another angle.

I can't hear the gunfire from up here with the WarSphere active, but M'gann passed along the noise as patrols from the two hostile local factions encountered one another, Bane leading the locals personally. It gives me the chance to observe the differing tactics the two sides use. The Kobras know how to use their weapons, and from what I can tell their guns are of a higher quality. But the locals know how to use the terrain. Two hold fire and flank the robe-wearers, killing most of them with a grenade and flushing the rest into the fire of the rest of their unit.

Bane closes the distance fast once they're off balance. He grabs the most alive looking Kobra cultist, says something, then...

Oh.

He picked him up by his legs and swung his head into a tree trunk.

That's the first time I've seen someone killed.

With the ones killed by bullets and shrapnel the robes conceal the fatal injuries. The one Bane killed, his head is very broken.

Bane's men scavenge guns and ammunition from the corpses and move into the jungle.

**The two patrols have encountered one another. Kobra... Lost.**

The reply comes from Aqualad. **Understood.**

There are a few minutes until they reach the bluff overlooking the airfield.

Maybe it's the fact that I'm seeing it in orange, on a screen. I'm not sure. I like to think I'm empathic enough to feel bad that someone else is dead. But not this time. It's just, oh, they're dead, I'll stop tracking them. The nearest I've previously experienced to something like this was an episode of Jimquisition where he showed a news clip of a man committing suicide at a press conference, and to be honest that didn't show very much. Maybe it'll hit home later.

Aqualad should meet up with the others just before they reach the viewpoint.

I wonder if Bane's group are going to do a completionist run? Use their superior knowledge of the terrain to attack and destroy isolated groups? I mean, unless the head of Kobra is here in person they're going to have to kill every cultist to push them out. Might as well do it while they're not together, right? That would give us time before we have to worry about them coming in behind us.

Ring, detailed scan on the landing field.

And then I know what's there. The crates definitely contain drugs. There's Venom, but it's been modified from what I saw in the League's files. The guys moving the stuff don't have more than trace amounts on them, probably residue in their robes. Cultists register slightly oddly to my avarice detector. These guys evaluate their worth purely in terms of the goals of the organisation and directions of their master. Fully indoctrinated, normal wants and needs redirected or repressed.

Hmm.

Ring, scan for Jeffrey Franklin Burr, aka 'Kobra'.

He's in the factory, standing on a catwalk near the centre. He's bald now, and his face is severe and humourless.

**Orange Lantern to team. Kobra himself is on site. Repeat, I have positive ID on Jeffrey Burr, aka Kobra.**

I feel Robin tense, but the others don't respond. He picks up on their lack of response too. **If Kobra's here in person, then this is big.**

Wallace misses the point. **We get it, Kobra wanted super-cultists, mystery solved. Radio Bats and we'll be home in time for-.**

I shake my head. **W-. Kid Flash, the cultists aren't using the Venom. And the stuff they're loading up reads as different from the normal product.**

**So they're shipping it somewhere else. So what?**

Aqualad's on the case. **So we need to know either the name of the buyer or the name of the destination. Orange Lantern, can you see a way inside?**

**The cargo entrance is only lightly guarded but is well lit, and has clear lines of sight all around. Oh, hang on, it looks like there's a passageway in the rocks near where you'll come out. Might be some rubble in the way. Could be an old mineshaft, or escape route in case of attack. I don't read any defences inside.** I send a mental image of the entrance to M'gann.

**We will take it.**

They reach the top of the bluff. Robin stops to take a look at the airfield for himself, while M'gann directs Superboy to the boulder covering the entrance.

**Look at all that product. They could keep every Venom addict in the US going for years with that!**

Superboy lifts the boulder out of the way without apparent effort.

**Aqualad, I am aware that Kobra is a very high priority target. If we conclude that the mission is complete I am prepared to make a swoop and grab on him before we leave.** I could also turn him into an orange construct and pass everything he knows about his organisation onto the police, but I don't mention that.

**I do not think it appropriate to send you in alone.**

**I defer to your judgement, but the risk would be minimal. I'd fly through the roof and leave the same way. The grab itself would take as long as I needed to get a clear shot at him. The guns they're using won't scratch my shields. The Kobra Cult do make use of metahumans but unless they have a very fast flier they won't catch me.**

**I will consider it, but apprehending Kobra is not our primary assignment.**

**Understood.**

The group enters the tunnel.

At the end of the tunnel there's a service lift. Robin crouches in front of it and tries to access it with his computer. Turns out it's a simple electronic device with no processing power. Once I confirm that there isn't anyone close enough to hear it they enter and descend. At the bottom there's a small generator which powers the thing and another tunnel, this time leading towards the underground portion of the factory. At the end of that tunnel there's a heavy blast door, and Robin gets his hacking fix. That takes them into a locker room, which in turn leads to what I presume to be a mixing room. Large metal cylinders provide cover and concealment, though I don't think having them leak from bullet impacts would be very healthy.

**All clear.** I see Robin sprint forwards into the room, moving from cover to cover.

Aqualad is not happy. **Robin. We need to stay together.**

**I'll be back in a minute.**

**Stay put. I'll get our intel and be back before the Boy Wonder.**

**Oh, for goodness sake, Wallace.**

**Oh El, we're on a mission. Remember code names?**

**Remember staying together and supporting one another? Look, Robin's gone up onto the catwalk around the room you're in now. Looks like one cultist in the control room directly above your current position. There are no guards likely to reach you soon, so I suggest heading there.**

**Agreed.**

I send a map of the route to M'gann, but Aqualad has a better idea. **M'gann, fly up and support Robin.**

**On it.**

The cultist operating the machinery gets one bewildering moment of staring at her before Robin knocks him out from behind with a hand held spray. **Good distraction, Miss Em.**

I watch as the others hurry quietly around the room. The lack of guards in the production areas is a little puzzling. Maybe they're just here to produce the one batch? They clearly know that Bane wants this place back.

Another screen draws my attention. Kobra has descended to ground level and is talking to a scrawny woman and a truly huge bloke with hardened skin and... Ugh, are those cracks? The woman reads as Selinda Flinders, aka Shimmer. She isn't listed as being a Kobra cultist and she isn't wearing the robes. Mercenary work, maybe? Nothing on the big guy.

**Orange Lantern to team. Be advised, Kobra has at least one supervillain with him. He's not on the League's database yet, but he's huge.**

Aqualad responds as they make it to the control room. **Define 'huge'?**

**At least as big as Doctor Desmond. Maybe a bit broader.**

This perks Robin's interest. **Think they're producing the Blockbuster Formula here?**

Oh, whoops. **I'm sorry, I can't check. I didn't think to record its chemical structure.**

**Don't worry about it. I'll soon... Find... Out...**

Another screen blinks at me. **Guys, there's a transport helicopter coming in. Not certain it's coming here, but it is heading in this direction.**

**Is it likely that they will spot you?**

Aqualad, if an unarmed helicopter could take a Lantern... **Anyone can spot me, but they're flying fairly low. They shouldn't be able to identify me.**

**Very well. Maintain surveillance. Alert us if anything changes.**

Kid Flash reaches Robin first. **Rob, what have you got?**

**Chemical formulas. It looks like they are producing the Blockbuster Formula here. Or something like it. I think... I think they've combined the two.**

**According to this, Kobra's new juice is three times stronger than Venom, and the effects are permanent. But how did Kobra get access to Project Blockbuster?**

**Our mystery buyer must also be Kobra's supplier! Using the cult to create a Venom-Blockbuster super formula!**

I feel obliged to jump in. **Let's not jump to conclusions. The two may be unrelated. A cultist working under cover at Cadmus could have passed the formula on to them.**

Aqualad thinks for a moment. **Orange Lantern. How much of the new formula remains to be loaded?**

**Looks like two forklift loads. They'll be done soon. They're not bothering with the remaining regular Venom. Kobra and the big guy are going out to meet the helicopter now. Two guards entering the floor below you.**

**I believe we now have enough information to call in the League.**

Sounds like. There's a pause for a moment.

**Orange Lantern, they have jammed the radio. Are you able to send a message to Batman?**

!Our mission!

!Not his!

**I generally use radio waves as well. I might be able to message one of the other Lanterns, but I don't know where they are at the moment. If they're on Oa, or near the other side of the Sector...**

I can feel the smug emanating from Kid Flash. **You send messages with... What was it? Early twenty first century Earth technology?**

**The ring can send messages in more advanced formats, but our mountain doesn't have the receivers for them.**

**Maybe you shoulda thought of that before the start of the mission.**

**Do you know how to build a Bleed Fracture-Pulse receiver?**

Kon's feeling combative. **We can take them.**

Aqualad is having none of it. **No. This is a recon mission, not a combat operation. We will exfiltrate and head outside of the jamming area.**

Wallace isn't happy. **But they'll get away!**

**If it comes to it, I'm confident that I can disable the helicopter with minimal risk to myself. The only thing I can see that might threaten my shields is that big metahuman.**

**Robin, download as much data as you can. We'll need to transmit this to the League.**

**... Fine.**

And then a rocket hits the forklift and explodes.

The hell!?

**Aqualad to Orange Lantern. What just happened?**

Another rocket shreds a group of cultists who had hunkered down to prepare for a rush. **Give me a moment.** A small group of fighters are firing rockets from the tree line. Either they have superb marksmanship, or those are being guided somehow.

**Bane's men fired rockets at the landing zone. Kobra's sending cultists back into the factory to secure it while the big meta goes after the guerrillas. You need to get out now.**

**Understood.**

They begin falling back, jumping down to the ground floor with M'gann's help rather than going all the way around the catwalk. They just about make it to cover by the time the first cultists enter the room and notice that the guy in the control room isn't responding. The team are already in the tunnels by the time the cultists start a search. I can't tell exactly how obvious the secret door is from here, but with a little luck they won't be able to go through it without extra equipment.

If Bane's people aren't rushing, that was a diversion. It clearly wasn't laid on for our benefit. There's still a minute or so until the helicopter touches down. What am I missing?

I feel M'gann's alarm.

!My team!

!Mine!

Bane. My team is surrounded by bombs. That will not do. I drop the WarSphere, switch my environmental shield back to minimum and aim myself at their location. With a little luck I'll be mistaken for misdirected ordnance.

Ring, what is he saying?

"Halt, children. I'm feeling... Explosive." Hammy supervillain monolog coming up.

**I'm inbound. I'm... I'm not completely sure that I can suppress those explosives.**

"I was a little worried when I found that my secret entrance had been uncovered. I wasn't expecting the Justice League Junior."

Aqualad starts to organise. **Kid, you'll need a running start.**

"I. Want. My factory back. If you're not here to take down my enemy, then perhaps the Justice League will come to avenge their sidekicks. Blowing the tunnel up with you inside should provide them the motivation needed."

Ring, prep armour constructs, and target his fighters' guns.

"And when the smoke clears, Santa Prisca will be mine once more."

Kid Flash moves. "With what? This trigger thingy?"

"Range achieved."

I grin. Coils of orange light reach down to seize rifles out of guerrilla hands.

"Don't you know, you never split the party
Cleric in the back, keep those fighters hale and hearty."

Orange armour constructs appear around my team mates. Superboy lunges at Bane, who takes a surprise fist to the diaphragm. M'gann telekinetically catches a thrown grenade and hurls it into the distance, where it explodes brightly.

"Wizard in the middle,
Where she can spread some light."

Wallace hits the outermost fighters while Aqualad and M'gann use precision blasts of water and telekinesis to slam those closest to them into the scenery. I hit the ground just in time to put manacle constructs around Bane's arm as he tries to punch Superboy. I then put another around his neck to pull his face down into Superboy's fist.

"And you never let that damn.. thief..."

I stop. "Where's Robin?"

I didn't look for him when I created the armour because he doesn't like using it. Oh, he can take care of himself. Bane shows some signs of life, so I pop a StunCrownTM construct over his head and activate it. He goes rigid for a moment, and then slumps.

It seems that my team mates have mastered the art of rendering people unconscious using kinetic force without causing lasting damage. Even M'gann, which I find a little surprising. I wonder what the secret is? I begin piling unconscious guerrillas into neat heaps. **Seriously, where's Robin?**

Aqualad deactivates his Water Bearers and shrugs. **He has a most unfortunate habit of doing that.**

Kid Flash walks back, eating a chocolate bar. "Haven't seen him. Hey, what did I do to finally qualify for actual armor?"

"You just looked so gosh darn fragile."

Actually, all the armour will do now is draw attention to us. The constructs dissipate.

M'gann looks at our captives. "I didn't bring any rope."

Superboy loots one of the fallen. "This guy did. Think he'll mind if we use it?"

Did he just make a joke?

It's been too long since Scouts for me to remember much about knots, let alone how to tie someone up reliably. Wallace and Aqualad on the other hand have the right skill set. Is that something I should learn? Not sure. My StunCrown is more reliable, but that would probably look like inappropriate brutality in this situation. It temporarily shorts out the motor cortex, but it actually causes less risk to long term health than the air tasers used by Batman and Robin. Two mornings of studying neurophysiology well spent.

I suppose if there's no one around who knows rope tying then I'd probably be on my own anyway. Not sure how all of the Venom in Bane's system will affect the paralysis effect. Don't want him getting away. Hmm.

"Would it be acceptable for me to remove all traces of Venom from Bane's body?"

Aqualad and Kid Flash share a look before Aqualad turns to me. "You are able to do that safely?"

"It's a single molecule whose structure I know. Shouldn't be a problem. Not sure about the withdrawal symptoms, but I can probably do something to reduce them."

Aqualad smiles slightly. Thinking about it, he's probably second only to Superboy when it comes to being sombre. Wonder why? "I think that would be acceptable."

I raise my left hand over the recumbent Bane. "Ring, locate and remove all Venom molecules. Identify and repair damage caused to all systems."

"Compliance."

Strobing beams of orange light project from the ring. There doesn't seem to be much of a pattern, until I wonder hard enough and I understand that it's targeting the Venom sites in order of concentration. Watching Bane visibly deflate is... Unnerving. Particularly when his neck and face shrivel so much that his mask comes loose.

Once the ring finishes Kid Flash steps forwards and picks the mask up. "Souvenir."

That went well. Now, let's see what I've been missing in the excitement. Ring, where did Robin and that big meta end up?

Two screens appear in front of me. The one on my left shows Robin, crouched under... The helicopter. The helicopter has landed, and Robin has somehow managed to sneak right up to it. Not good. The one on my right shows... I need a better name than big meta... Baran Flinders? An orange construct showing his last known appearance now floats next to the right hand screen. Whaw.

"No way. That little guy became that thing?" Wallace is now leaning on my shoulder. He's still eating.

And not sharing. I'm bringing my own snacks next time.

"Baran Flinders, eighteen years old. His DNA hasn't changed, and his face is roughly the right shape, allowing for the growth he's done since this image was taken."

"When was that?"

"Three days ago."

"Whaw."

"Worse news, looks like he's coming here." I move my hand and the picture of him walking through the jungle switches to plane view showing the landing area, Mister Flinders and us. He has a little way to go, but he's between us and Robin unless we want to go through the tunnels again. He looks like he should be able to move faster than he is. I can only assume that he saw a few orange flashes and is being thorough. Doesn't seem to be wearing a radio. Oh, jamming, right.

Aqualad joins Kid Flash just behind me, while Superboy and M'gann watch from the front.

**Robin, are you in immediate danger?**

**No one ever looks under the helicopter.**

**Can you get away safely?**

**Sure, when you get down here and we've finished kicking Kobra's keister.**

**That was not the plan.**

**I don't remember anyone making you leader.** Didn't we? We didn't talk about it but... Argh! That was why Robin asked Batman who was in charge. He thinks it's a contest he can win. Damn it. **Whoo... I think they're loading the Venom Buster now. Not sure the League can get here in time.**

Ah, hell. We can't leave Robin here. We can't extract him covertly. Can we? I pull the left window outwards from Robin. Nope, too many guards. My best idea for remaining covert involves sending a giant orange drill construct up underneath him.

I wonder what vert means? Some sort of skateboarding jump, isn't it?

Aqualad is a bit more together. **We will need to bypass or ambush Mister Flinders, then launch a diversionary attack on the airfield to allow Robin to withdraw. Ambushing without giving away our position will be difficult, and bypassing him risks him attacking us from the rear later. His strength will be particularly dangerous in the close confines of the forest.**

Hang on... I rotate the right screen and switch it to relief map. Since he's having to move up the side of the ridge, and with all of the trees... I should be able to pick him up without the other Kobra types seeing. After that, I could either stun him or fly him to the sea while keeping out of line of sight of the airfield. I should be able to hold him under water, as long as he has nothing solid to push against. Superboy speaks first.

**I'll take the big guy. I can wear these guys' clothes as a disguise and hold his attention while you get Robin. I'll join you once I'm done.**

I shake my head. **Superboy, you beat rock with paper, not with more rock. Miss Martian or I could neutralise his strength advantage, but I should be able to knock him out faster. That would also put me in a better position to attack the helicopter should it make a break for it.**

Aqualad steps to my side to get a better look at the map. **Following the helicopter in the Bio-Ship while under camouflage might lead us to the ultimate buyer.**

Robin does not appreciate the delay. **OR we can just grab everyone while they're still here, and Miss Em can take the information from their minds.**

She shakes her head. **It isn't as easy as that. There are ways to keep me out. And they might not even know who hired them.**

Kid Flash takes a closer look at the arrangement of guards. **Superboy, you're pretty much bulletproof, right?**

**Yeah?**

**Think you could jump from here-** He points to an elevated area which from the airfield is obscured by trees. **-into the middle of them?**

**Probably.**

**I should be able to clear out most of the Kobra goons if they're all looking at him. If M'gann's invisible when the attack starts she can be right over the helicopter when Superboy goes in!**

Stealth, guys! Stealth!

**Clock is ticking, guys. Don't really want to try hanging onto the underside of a helicopter all the way back to the US!**

Ah, hell. It probably doesn't violate my orders if I'm not the one doing it.

**Big Flinders is getting close. If we're doing this, I need to move now.**

Aqualad looks about as happy with this turn of events as I am. He bows his head slightly. **I suppose wisdom involves adapting a plan to unpredicted circumstances.** He places a hand on my back, and looks me in the eyes. **You are confident you can take him alone?**

I nod. **It should be within my abilities.**

**Go. Meet us either on the airfield or back at drop point B.**

I look at the relief map once more, planning the best route. Ring, plot flight path.

Course plotted.

I drop the map constructs, reinforce my armour and crouch slightly. In my mind I can clearly see the route I'll be taking, but the journey itself will be too quick for me to really experience it. The next thing I'll be aware of is Big Flinders being right in front of me.

Execute.

An unintelligent person might try to ram him. A moderately intelligent person like Jordan or Stewart would stop and create a striking construct. I like to think that I am a little more than moderately intelligent. That is why the now musclebound Mister Flinders finds himself hoisted into the air by the awesome power of the full nelson. Once he's off the ground I stick a flight aura around him as well. I do that second as it isn't impossible that he could flail around enough to break its hold, and I really don't want to make this a fair fight. Superboy and I tested it, and sufficient force can break the flight aura from inside.

Perhaps most importantly, I do this from behind. When I start my attack he can't see me, and he will struggle to turn his head enough to do so. His massive muscles mean that he can't bring his strength to bear to attempt to break my constructs, which I desire to flow around any strikes he makes and reform while still supporting him.

I'm also far enough behind him to be outside of immediate striking range if he does somehow get free, and I'm keeping a couple of trees between us in case I'm wrong about his neck. Doesn't look like I am.

His attempt to cry out is muted by the flight aura, and we're moving through the jungle away from the landing field even as I put a ShockCrown on his head. He twitches a bit, but keeps struggling. Guess his augmented physique is made of stronger stuff. I could turn the power up, but that would risk lasting damage and I don't currently need to.

I'm not going to try and move something as big as him through the jungle at full speed, but once we get down into the gully I can rise above the trees and increase my flight speed. Big Flinders' really going crazy now, hammering his chest in an attempt to hit the parts of the construct holding him. A couple of times he hits it but it just moves around the blows. Hmm.

Ring, power remaining?

Fifty eight percent.

A twitch of my right hand and he's upside down, hanging off his right ankle. He can't reach the construct at all and the flight aura prevents his weight straining it. It also gives me a clear view of the exposed muscle tissue showing through the cracks in his skin on his back and arm. I have no idea whether or not that will grow to cover it. I guess he thought the physical boost was worth it. They must have done animal tests first, surely? If only to find out if it actually worked or not.

Line of sight from airfield now obscured.

Big Flinders gets a mouth full of tree as we accelerate. I think he may have seen me then, as I've come over the canopy so as to avoid getting slowed down. Of course, he wouldn't be able to make out details, just a glowing orange humanoid. Yep, definitely seen me. He's stopped his flailing in favour of trying to twist around to get a better look at me. Far too slow.

If a person can drown in a bucket or a wheel rut, they can certainly drown in the shallows off the shore. Hm. Wonder if the environmental shield can prevent a person from breathing as well as making them always able to? Don't want to experiment here in case it inhibits all biological processes. Worth thinking about, though.

I drop the constructs around him and he drops towards the sea. Before he hits I loop another construct in an X shape around his chest. He's going at a fair old rate when he hits, hopefully with his mouth open, and then the construct locks him in place. He isn't far under, but he has nothing to push against and the Venom Buster appears to have removed any natural buoyancy he might have possessed.

Ring? Notify me when he becomes unconscious. I have no desire to kill him, but I don't want him fighting again any time soon.

Based on Human drown times and altered physical structure of subject, optimal time submerged is predicted at one minutes thirty seconds.

He's trying to swim towards air now. I apply a little force and he moves in a circle. He can't reach the bottom with his feet, and the surface is just out of reach even if he twists face up. Which he can't. Without leverage his strength is useless.

I try listening to M'gann's telepathic communication, but I can't hear anything and I don't want to distract them by asking questions. I could look at what they're doing, but I don't want to risk losing focus on my current task.

Big Flinders is properly spasming now. Probably thinks I'm going to kill him. Or it could just be an automatic reaction to being out of breath underwater. He has a criminal record -I quickly review it- but there aren't any outstanding murder charges. I wonder what he's done that hasn't been discovered? I doubt that Kobra keeps written records.

Alright, I don't have anything better to do. The rents in his flesh are disturbing me.

Ring, is knitting his flesh back together practical?

Task is possible, but not advised under current conditions.

Wait until I take him out then.

Compliance.

His struggles are getting weaker. Son of Margaret and Joseph Flinders, Australian nationals of Markovian origin. His criminal record starts five years ago. Gang graffiti, petty vandalism. Stops two years ago. Maybe he joined Kobra then? Stands to reason that they'd want him to stop attracting attention.

Consciousness lost.

He isn't moving now. A scan of his brain confirms a lack of consciousness. Good, good. I haul him out. Remove the water from his lungs, and fix the splits. A small fountain vomits forth from his mouth, and the visible muscle glows orange. Ring, make sure he's breathing and notify me if he looks like he's about to wake up.

Compliance.

I float him up to my level -I'm about eight metres over the water- and begin flying us back towards the airfield. First solo supervillain take down went well, I think. Does he count as a supervillain if he doesn't have any outstanding super type offences? Not sure.

The ring has finished repairing his skin. Looks much better. The gaps which used to be there didn't seem to be irritating him; even when he was on his own he wasn't scratching the edges. I know I would have been, in his place. Maybe the Venom Buster stuff numbs the skin? Or maybe the whole thing hurts, and the tear isn't notably worse? Wouldn't it have got infected?

Ring, location of helicopter. It's left the airfield and is flying away from the factory. I suppose that part of the plan went-. The helicopter disappears from my awareness. Ring, show me what just happened.

An image of the twin rotor helicopter appears in my mind. It lurches in the air as an electromagnetic surge from near its rear hatch wrecks its electronics, forcing it to crash land. I see a single parachute leave from the front before it hits the ground.

I really hope that was intentional, and that the idea of us following them back to their home base was intentionally abandoned. Probably worth me trying to pick up that last guy, as I imagine tracking him and taking care of everything else would tax both myself and the ring somewhat. Also have to consider that the island's military must know that something's going on by now. Don't really want to have to fight our way out through them.

Ring, location of pilot. And now I can feel him. He's heading down hill, towards a stream which will take him to the coast. He is probably planning to take a boat back to the US. Intercepting him shouldn't be too difficult, but I'll do a weapon scan just in case. No, one low yield plasma weapon and a few explosives. Nothing I can't handle.

Might even get some useful intelligence out of this. I wonder if the League will be able to bring charges against Flinders, Bane and whoever this is. Bane is a 'person of interest' in a load of places, but all of Flinders' outstanding stuff is pretty minor. Even with being a member of Kobra.

With OrangeVision I can see the guy through the trees. He's carrying a large briefcase and doesn't appear injured. He's still coming downhill towards me. I double check his equipment. Yep, nothing that poses a serious threat to me unless the ring charge gets to around five percent. I'm currently at forty nine percent.

He must know I'm here. I glow orange. What exactly is he planning on doing?

I scan his weapons again. Even if the plasma weapon -which is shaped a bit like a crossbow for some reason- could be overcharged, he's still not a threat.

This is creepy. If he were just a courier, he would have headed for civilisation. Or hiding. His other behaviour and his weapons suggest a competent mercenary. So why is he coming towards an obvious threat?

DC mercenaries... Not Slade Wilson, he only has one sword and it's a rapier. Not Deadshot, he doesn't have a sniper rifle. Can't think of any others I'd call competent. Merlyn? Man's a clown, and this guy doesn't have a bow. Prometheus? He's good, but without his helmet and some very specialised equipment I'd still win. Must check whether or not neural chaff is a real thing.

I triple check this guy isn't carrying any.

Everything I can see tells me that I shouldn't be concerned, and I'm more nervous now that when I attacked Big Flinders. It must be the build up. I did consider just dropping in on him but I wanted to drop my cargo out of the way. And give whoever this is a chance to surrender. I should be able to drop him without causing permanent harm but there's always a risk. I don't think I'd be able to heal an adversary in normal circumstances; Flinders' wounds were just that disturbing.

Alright, he's quite close now. I'll just ask him to come quietly, and drop a ShockCrown on him if he refuses. No need to draw this out.

Amplification please, ring. "Please drop your weapons and come out with your hands up."

I don't have arrest authority. Well, I might be able to make some sort of Corps-based claim if interstellar law might have been breached, but I certainly don't have that authority on Earth. Maybe the 'please' was a bad idea? He's slowing down. Good. He's now about fifteen metres away through medium foliage, and I get my first look at his face with my normal vision. He's pulling his right arm back...

Why is he wearing a hockey mask?

Ahh! Javelin! I'm being attacked by Casey Jones!

I didn't even realise that DC owned the Turtles!

The javelin bounces off the construct armour around my chest and explodes. The explosion does nothing to me in terms of injury, but I have to expend effort to avoid getting blown off my feet by the force.

Did Casey Jones ever work undercover? As I ignore another exploding javelin I try desperately to remember everything about this character. It's mostly from the first two animated series, and he wasn't that big in either of them. At least he hasn't tried a hockey stick, the sheer shock of that might have caused me to drop my armour.

No, no, focus. Knock out Casey Jones now, deal with angry mutant Turtles later.

I really hope they don't mix that mutagen from Turtles with Venom or anything. Too much weirdness.

I rise off the ground and fly towards him, jinking to avoid getting knocked around by any more explosives he has. He's gone for his plasma crossbow but it's a simple matter to yank it from his hands and 'ring, subspace' it. He keeps it together though, dropping into a fighting crouch and moving towards me again. For goodness sake, I just tanked exploding javelins, you're just going to bruise your fists. He throws a smoke canister, then sprints to close the distance faster than someone watching him before would have been expecting. Might work on someone without OrangeVision, but I can still see him perfectly well. I extend a loop of construct rope from my right hip and send it forwards, closing it around his left leg as he shifts weight to his right, and yank backwards. He tries to roll with it, possibly assuming that he's snagged on an exposed root, and ends up flat on his face. I extend a ShockCrown from the loop and drop it over his masked head.

I don't know why I was so worried. Double check, yes, definitely paralysed.

Now, what happened to the case he was carrying? Fan constructs disperse the smoke as I begin to look. He was standing there when I last saw him with it...

It's propped up against a tree. A scan reveals that it's rigged to explode if not opened properly. A burst of orange light renders the explosive inert, and I open it. Some sort of injection device, and a single vial of purple liquid. So, that's what this stuff looks like.

I walk back over to Mister Jones. Damn. Maybe if I talk to the Turtles first? His mask is more sophisticated than it looks so I shut down its electronics before removing it. I thought that Casey had darker skin than that? Or maybe that was just in the second cartoon.

Whatever.

Ring, where is everyone?

I feel a pull from different directions. The airfield, for most, but also... New York? Oh, I just thought 'ingroup' and it's telling me where Alan and Diana are as well.

No, just the team.

Just the airfield this time. Seems like they've beaten everyone into submission. Right. Taking the case in my hand I extend flight auras around Flinders and Jones and fly up above the canopy. There's some smoke where the helicopter went down, but it'll probably put itself out. Should probably collect any Venom Buster samples that survived. Still got plenty of ring power left...

I head towards the helicopter, felled opponents in tow. It smashed into the trees sideways, which arrested most of its lateral movement but caused it to flip over. I drop the two guys and the case and take a closer look. A moment of work with a cutting construct later and I step back to avoid being buried in boxes. I can see liquid Venom Buster on the floor where the containers have cracked, and I'm honestly not sure that I can fly all of this stuff. Hah, I'm overthinking it.

"Ring, destroy all Venom and Blockbuster formula in the helicopter."

An orange pulse shines outwards from me, and the ring rests. No point checking for electronic data, the EMP would have wiped it. I pick up my stunned foes and the case once again and continue on to the airfield. As I come over the rise where we fought Bane I notice that he and his men are no longer there. Stupid, stupid, of course he had more fighters in the area! Ah, no point worrying about it now. A quick look at the airfield shows me that other than that we've won. The only people upright are my team mates. I eagerly hasten my flight.

Wallace is the first to notice me, and he waves as I approach. **Hey, Oh El's back. How'd it go, 'cause we pretty much cleaned up here.**

I float Big Flinders over my head and drop him down in front of him. Kon and M'gann stay standing guard over the bound and blindfolded Kobra cultists while Aqualad and Robin walk over. Aqualad asks the important question.

**Were you able to stop the courier?**

**Yes.** He smiles faintly as I float the case over to him. **One sample of Venom Buster. I destroyed the other containers in the helicopter at the crash site.**

**And the courier himself?**

I float Casey forwards. **No threat, really. I think his name's Casey Jones. Can't really remember-.**

**His name is not Casey Jones.**

**It isn't?**

**That is Sportsmaster, a noted mercenary.**

Oh. Guess DC don't own Turtles, then. **Erm, what's his real name?**

Robin peers at his face. **Lawrence Crock. Why'd'you wanna know?**

**I tend to feel that using their 'supervillain' names just encourages them.**

Wallace come to a realisation. "Casey Jones. The guy from the Turtles films? You seriously thought that you were fighting the guy from the Turtles films?"

Aqualad hasn't watched much surface television. **Turtles... films..?**

I rub my brow with my right hand. Wallace is happy to heap on the embarrassment. **It's a film about four mutant ninja Turtles who live in New York and fight evil ninjas.**

Aqualad looks like we've put him off surface television for life. He turns to me. **Did you... Why would you think you were fighting a fictional Turtle?**

Wallace is quick to correct him. **No, dude, Casey Jones isn't a Turtle, he's a Human vigilante with a hockey mask...**

I hold up Sportsmaster's. Aqualad holds up a hand to stop Wallace talking. **The point still stands. Why did you believe that you were being attacked by a fictional character?**

I throw up my arms. "My home parallel doesn't have superheroes! I have to pinch myself when I look around the room, or in a mirror! So, yeah, being attacked by a fictional character did seem possible." I drop my arms and sigh. "These guys aren't all going to fit in the Bio-Ship. When do the League get here?"

*Renegade - Option A*
22nd July
21:02 GMT -5

I rise off the ground and fly towards him, powering forwards to avoid drawing this nonsense out any longer. He's gone for his plasma crossbow but it's a simple matter to shoot it before he can fire. He hurls it aside before the fuel cell vents and ignites in a brilliant flare of red. He keeps it together though, dropping into a fighting crouch and moving towards me again. I just tanked exploding javelins, idiot, you're just going to bruise your fists. He throws a smoke canister, then sprints to close the distance faster than someone watching him before would have been expecting. Might work on someone without OrangeVision, but I can still see him perfectly well.

Ring, access League database. Who is this fool?

Lawrence Crock, aka Sportsmaster. Noted mercenary and assassin.

Not Casey Jones then. I feel a bit silly now.

I drop a lasso construct onto him from above and pull it tight under his arms, lifting him off the ground. He reaches for a weapon from his pack, but I cut the pack loose and spill his equipment on the floor. I also target the smaller weapons on his belt for the same treatment.

Now, what to do with him? Before I can reach a conclusion, he speaks to me.

"Not bad. But you're in way over your head, kid. If you know what's good for you, you'll let me go and forget this ever happened."

Hmm.

"Yes. I recovered the drug sample, but was unable to prevent the courier from escaping."

He regards me for a moment. "I'm a little surprised that you're taking the deal. Most people like you are a bit more self righteous."

"Oh, forgive me Mister Crock, I'm not taking the deal. That's just what I'm going to tell the others. Ring, assimilate."

*Part 11, Renegade - Option B*
22nd July
21:04 GMT -5

Now, what happened to the case he was carrying? Fan constructs disperse the smoke as I begin to look. He was standing there when I last saw him with it...

It's propped up against a tree. A scan reveals that it's rigged to explode if not opened properly. A burst of orange light renders the explosive inert, and I open it. Some sort of injection device, and a single vial of purple liquid. So, that's what this stuff looks like.

Ring, did you detect any damage to Mister Flinders' brain from the Venom Buster use?

Minor changes in neurotransmitter levels from Human norms. No significant deviations detected.

I insert the vial into the injector.

Just in case, take a snapshot of my current brain state, and resist major changes from those levels.

Compliance.

Wait, why am I thinking of using this injector?

Ring, inject Venom Buster formula into me at optimal locations. Monitor vital signs and prepare to reset to default in the event of danger. Seven orange needles appear around me, each with a link to the injector. I barely feel it as they pierce my arms, legs, neck, heart and groin. I see purple move beneath the orange as the formula flows. The orange light reknits the flesh as the needles dissipate.

Oh. Oh.

There's still no pain, I note, as my ribs break and swell outwards. The expansion of my thighs throws me to the ground. Again, I am dully aware of bones being pulverised and reforming, longer and stronger. Now I can't notice any one thing, everything is twisting and expanding, and unlike on the moon, now that I know what is happening? I embrace it.

My armour is an impediment, so it vanishes into subspace. My hands expand, and the ring grows to fit around my enlarged fingers. My skin darkens, toughens, and begins to split as it fails to keep up with the growth of the other parts of my body but oh no you don't... Better.

The wave of mutation slows, then stops. I push myself off the ground a little gingerly. A mirror construct forms in front of me. I'm naked, but the ring can probably turn some of my clothes into a pair of shorts until I can visit Mister Gambi again. I'm now about two and a half meters tall, though I've kept my body proportions better than Mister Flinders did. The ring tells me that my skin has turned out a little darker than his, but it's all dark at night. I hold out my right arm and flex the muscles for a moment.

Ring, do not assist.

I brace, then swing my fist directly through a tree trunk. It's like punching jelly, it just parts around my hand. The top part of the tree collapses onto my shoulder and I barely feel a thing, just brush it off like fallen leaves.

I smile. Intellectually, I realise that I haven't added much to my powers as a Lantern, but... There's something viscerally pleasing about this sort of physical power that I rather enjoy.

22nd July
23:11 GMT -5

I've never actually been naked in a communal shower before. Sure, at the swimming pool I'd rinse off before getting changed but I still had my trunks on. And this is a really terrible time to remember that mass circumcision is still a thing in the US. And now I'm trying to work out which of my team mates... Superboy was grown in a pod, right? They wouldn't have... Aaagh! Bad brain!

Fortunately, I have a power ring.

"Ring, I really want to be clean. Okay, see you guys later!"

I leave my slightly bemused male team mates in the changing room and walk back to the main living area. We formally resolved the leadership question on the flight back. Aqualad had secured everyone else's support and they wanted to make sure that I was in agreement. When I said that I hadn't mentioned it before because I thought it was completely obvious that he was the man for the job Wallace sniggered and Robin glared.

Apparently, Aqualad's plan for attacking the airfield involved everyone putting on the clothing of Bane's irregulars over their uniforms, and then Kobra robes on top of that. They more or less just walked up to the landing area and doffed the robes once the attack began. Not sure that counts as 'maintaining cover', but Kobra can't be sure that Bane didn't just employ metahumans amongst his thugs. In a way Bane's escape makes that more believable. I violated cover worse than they did, though it's not like Kobra knows that Orange Lanterns exist.

The Santa Priscan authorities have moved troops in to secure the factory, but I imagine that Bane will be back in there before long. Wallace put Bane's mask in the same room as the robot eye from Mister Twister, and I added Mister Crock's hockey mask. Tragedy and Comedy. He wants to make it some sort of trophy room, but given the violent nature of our work I'm not sure that's entirely in good taste. I thought about adding the plasma crossbow thing, but the room isn't secure enough at present to house a weapon.

Batman didn't look too happy when we got back, but I think his eyes widened just a little when Jeffrey Burr and Lawrence Crock were marched off the League's transport jet in manacles. He also unclenched slightly when I handed over the Venom Buster sample. He wants our mission reports submitted by six tomorrow for a debrief at nine, which means that everyone else gets to stay up all night writing them. I did mine on the Bio-Ship on the flight back.

My personal failings? Not keeping track of Bane, obviously. I'm not going to include 'thinking that an unarmed baseline Human was a threat to me' on a list I'm submitting to Batman, for goodness sake. Not directly sorting out the leadership question before the mission was an oversight, but we all did that and I honestly assumed it had been dealt with. Should I have gone back to the airfield immediately after dealing with Flinders? Maybe. It is possible for me to monitor someone at a distance for a long period of time, but I wouldn't have known exactly what he was doing unless I really needed to, and I would have been focusing on the prisoner transportation and the possible arrival of the local military. That ended up being dealt with by a surprisingly diplomatic Hawkman, and the captain in charge was more than happy for us to remove 'foreign terrorist criminals' once he was sure that we weren't accusing his government of anything.

Anything else? Attracting attention to myself with glowing lights is on the list, but there isn't much I can do about it. I tried asking the ring about shifting the colour a bit and it started talking to me like I was an idiot. As far as it is concerned avarice construct equals orange construct. Constructs which project other kinds of energy are possible, and I'm planning to head out to somewhere isolated to practise them. I was thinking Titan.

Should we have intercepted the helicopter as soon as we first saw it? Maybe, but I don't think so. Should I have bypassed the jamming signal? After my 'completely obvious' comment Robin was more than happy to explain at great length how I should have used the ring to get around that, so yes, but I didn't know how at the time.

Maybe I could have used some sort of neural interface construct to knock Flinders out earlier? That... It could work, but I'm not comfortable with practising that sort of thing. I know I eat animals. Logically, I shouldn't have a problem testing things like that on them, but I'm not sure that I could look a cat in its bewildered face as it tried to work out why its legs were moving on their own. I could probably bring myself to test the assimilation beam like that, but I'm not sure I want my team mates knowing that it exists.

I reach the living room and M'gann's already here, sitting in a chair. Can't smell anything. Do Martians not sweat, or did she just take the fastest shower ever? She's set up a civilian version of Robin's personal hologram computer on the coffee table and is typing up her report. I walk over and sit on the next door sofa.

"How's it going?"

Her eyes twitch in my direction, then go back to her work. "Slowly. There's parts of the mission where I wasn't really doing anything much, and then the fighting started and so much was going on that it's hard to keep it all straight. Are you going to start yours?"

"Already done."

"Really? Did you do it on the flight back?"

"Yeah. Took about five minutes."

"Five minutes?!"

"I have a power ring. Power rings are awesome."

She slumps slightly. "I don't suppose I could borrow-?"

"No. Quite aside from the fact that there were bits you saw that I didn't, report writing is a valuable skill to learn. Bit surprised you're not using a telepathic computer of some kind."

"I've got one, but it isn't compatible with Earth technology. Only other telepaths would be able to read it."

I suppose Martian tech is very different from Earth tech. There was something else... "I noticed that once you established the telepathic link I got a lot more, erm, imagery than I was expecting. I mean, not just words, but pictures and feelings."

Her eyes widen in surprise. "That was you? I though it was Conner!"

Eh? "Why would you think it was Kon?"

"Well... Well... One of the pictures was of him..."

"Yeah, sorry about that. I was creating weights for him to lift earlier, and it just sort of slipped out. I mean, he wouldn't have been looking at himself, would he?"

"No, I suppose not. It's not that unusual, actually. It just requires the person who joins the link to have their mind more-" She circles her hands, trying to find the right word. "-open? To be more open with their thoughts than most people not used to telepathy are. The other reason I thought it would be Conner is because of all the time he spent with the G-Gnomes. His mind should be used to receiving information that way."

"I was wondering because it didn't happen when we practised earlier."

She frowns. "Yes it did."

What?

"And, um, I'm glad you like the way I look, but that bikini was probably a bit too risque for me."

OoOoOoOoOo.

My face freezes into a nervous smile. "Didn't realise that you got those. I was, I was sort of trying to see how forward things had to be in my mind before you heard them, and I tried to think about something that might get an involuntary reaction."

"Oh. Well, this isn't-" She looks around the room to check no one has walked in, and lowers her voice. "-like you said, this isn't my Martian body. Seeing me wearing that sort of clothing doesn't have a strong enough effect to get that result."

"Makes... Makes sense. Um, sorry."

She smiles. "It's fine. It's perfectly normal for you to be interested in girls."

I'm wincing like hell on the inside. "Soo, Kaldur's in charge now."

She turns back to her report. "His plan was a little more sophisticated than Wallace's 'run in and hit everyone'."

"Plus, he organised all of the group training we've been doing. That was sort of why I'd assumed he already had the job."

"I was a little surprised that you didn't want to be leader."

"Why?"

"You were keeping us all organised during the mission."

"That was coordination, not leadership. It really isn't the same thing, and I wasn't even doing that once the fighting started. Our team leader needs to be able to direct people during combat, and I just go all 'Mine!' and lose perspective."

"Is your ring giving you trouble already?"

"No... I don't think so. I think that was just a normal desire to keep my friends safe, but I stopped thinking about the mission when it happened. I mean, you could probably have handled Bane and co without me. I left my post and stopped monitoring Kobra. If something big had happened, I'd have missed it."

"There were a lot of guns pointing at us. I know I felt a lot better when you removed them."

"Won't be my decision next time, I suppose."

"Oh! I wanted to ask you something." M'gann shifts around in her seat so that her legs are pointing at me, knees together, hands clasped in her lap. "When the fight with Bane started, were you singing something?"

"Yes. I'm a bit surprised you heard that."

"We were linked, so it just sort of came through. Was it some sort of battle song?"

"No. No, it's called 'Never Split the Party'. It's about a group of adventurers with different skill sets who can't handle a situation they get into because they split up."

"How does it go?"

Hmm. Still got some ring charge left... Why not? I get to my feet and walk to the open area of the room. A wave of my right hand creates medieval Dungeons and Dragons style versions of our team. Kaldur is arrayed as a melee fighter in full plate, with his upside down V emblazoned on his surcoat. Kon is dressed more in the barbarian style, stylish but impractical leather and fur which leaves his chest exposed. Robin as a thief just gets a hood and cape extension. Wallace the monk gets a keikogi with a lightning bolt on the back. M'gann and I get robes, hers with a heavy book strapped to the belt and mine with an Orange Lantern Corps sigil hanging around my neck.

Ring, lyrics please. "Ring, music please." I step to the side and take a breath.

"We were skulking through this dungeon - A pretty sorry lot."
The group 'walk' forwards, with the 'dungeon' scenery making it look like they're actually moving.
"And Kaldur'ahm the fighter had been actin' like a sot"
The Kaldur construct shoves past 'Kon' and 'myself' to the front of the group.
"Our cleric had colitis;"
'I' walk uncomfortably.
"Our torches all were wet"
'Robin' tries to light one and fails.
"But we had to find some treasure soon to get us out of debt...
So Kaldur'ahm and Conner were itchin' for a fight
They both took the left fork, while we went to the right"
Their constructs walk off down a passageway, while the rest of us remain centre stage.
"And that is when we heard it: the sound of rollin' dice"
I create a large piece of paper with the words 'Random Encounters' listed at the top, and some spinning dice constructs.
"We wondered why we had ignored those words of sage advice...
Don't You Know? You never split the party
Clerics in the back to keep those fighters hale and hearty"
At the rear of the group my construct brushes his sleeves up his arms and wiggles his fingers.
"The wizard in the middle, where she can shed some light"
Hard to do light when everything's orange, but I create a sort of ripple effect around her raised right hand.
"And you never let that damn thief out of sight..."
'Robin' cringes slightly as the others stare at him.
"So then we heard this bellow from back around the bend
We turned around to see if there was aid that we could lend"
The party about faces, the dice stop spinning, and the random encounters construct zooms in on 'Orcs, D6+3' for a moment before dissipating.
"And suddenly the corridor was covered up with Orcs"
The Orcs are shrunken versions of Baran Flinders, carrying wooden shields and sword/cleaver things.
"We fell back in a panic, feeling like a bunch of dorks..."
The party rushes through the rear Orcs and forms a line.
"The thief had pissed his leathers; the monk was turning blue"
I paint obvious fear onto 'Robin' and 'Wallace's' face, and 'Robin' jumps into 'Wallace's' arms in a forced bridal carry.
"Our wizard got all flustered and she covered us with goo"
'M'gann' gestures, waves, and I generate liquid coming from the 'ceiling' and coating all members of the group.
"The cleric swung his holy club some Orcish skulls to break"
My figure holds out a hand and generates a war hammer with a head the shape of a slightly flattened Orange sigil.
"We tried to dodge his backswing as we pondered our mistake..."
He pulls back to swing at the first Orc, the warhammer's shaft becoming ludicrously long as he does so, forcing 'M'gann' to duck and 'Wallace' to limbo under it. It's high enough that it goes over the Robin construct's head.
"Don't You Know? You never split the party
Clerics in the back to keep those fighters hale and hearty"
I let the fight progress. I remember hearing that Clerics make darn good melee fighters these days anyway. 'Wallace' gets himself together and makes martial art attacks against the Orcs while 'I' visibly feed energy to the others while continuing to swing the club.
"The wizard in the middle, where she can shed some light"
'M'gann' fires off some lightning into where the Orcs were forming a shield wall, killing a couple and breaking their formation.
"And you never let that damn thief out of sight..."
'Robin' sneaks, backstabs, and finishes the last one off with a thrown knife.
"We finally found our fighters; they were hacking at a Troll"
New scene, the Troll looks like Blockbuster. The larger part of the party enters stage left.
"They chopped off knees and elbows but it kept on growing whole"
'Kaldur' swings an oversized sword and 'Kon' an axe, cutting through the limbs only to watch Trollbuster heal them back.
"The wizard flung a fireball, her dice they did not fail"
'M'gann' holds her arms over her head and builds a large fireball, before flinging it forwards.
"She torched the troll and left the fighters roasting in their mail"
Trollbuster disappears, but 'Kaldur' and 'Kon' are visibly scorched.
"The cleric had his hands full; apologies were said"
'I' lay hands on the fighters and their visible injuries disappear.
"We swore an oath we'd stick together just like we were wed"
They gather in a circle, hands meeting in the centre. Robin is absent.
"But then we found that sneaky thief had vanished in the gloom
We caught him stuffing pockets in the secret treasure room..."
The room in question is the enlarged rear of a helicopter. The hatch collapses open and 'Robin' is shown holding two bags with dollar signs on the sides. He grins, nervously.
"Don't You Know? You never split the party
Clerics in the back to keep those fighters hale and hearty"
Cleric and fighters advance on the thief, who backs up a little.
"The wizard in the middle, where she can shed some light"
Wizard also steps forwards, electricity crackling around her hands. Thief makes a pleading gesture while still holding the looted bags.
"And you never let that damn thief ... no you never let that damn thief ... no you
Ne - ver let - that - damn - thief - out - of - sight!"
The helicopter's hatch closes just as they reach him, obscuring their retribution from the audience.

Real M'gann is covering her grin with her hands, but she isn't looking at me. What is she...?

Oh, showers are finished then. An amused Wallace is poking Robin, who seems a little disgruntled. Kaldur and Kon are smiling. I stretch my arms out to the side and take a bow to both parts of my audience in an attempt to brazen through my embarrassment.

I remove the helicopter construct.

"Let me go get something to eat. Chinese sound good?"

23rd July
19:44 GMT -5

Batman's debrief was a good deal less harrowing than it might have been. He picked up on my failure to breach the radio jamming right away, and we'll all be getting lessons on communication technology from Captain Atom in the not too distant future. He was also not happy about us pretty much abandoning the whole 'recon' aspect of the thing, and we'll each be getting a written evaluation 'detailing our many mistakes'. His conclusion was much more upbeat, congratulating us on our inventiveness and for 'capturing some extremely dangerous people'. The League will be making sure that Jeffrey Burr, Lawrence Crock and the Flinders make it to Belle Reve Federal Penitentiary in Louisiana without incident.

I'm not worried about the written report. I've already gone over the things I think I did wrong, and it may suggest ways to remedy my failings. Wonder if Batman'll have Jordan or Stewart write the part concerning my use of the ring? I've had a look at their written records as well as the recordings and I can't see anything about them using their rings for team coordination.

Robin and Wallace have headed home. Just the lifers left; M'gann, Kon, Kaldur and I are trying to find something worth watching on television. A trial at the best of times. Kaldur likes documentaries. M'gann likes sit-coms. Kon has absorbed Wallace's habit of switching channel every few minutes. They aren't bickering, but they are debating with reasoned arguments and that sort of thing only ever leads to trouble.

"How about a film?"

It gets worse. We have WebFilm -a Netflix analogue- but that just gives us thousands of films that none of us know how to choose between. I'm watching the screen trying to spot something familiar -as our token surface dwelling/Human/more than three weeks old team member I have the best chance of recognising some of them- as my team mates take advantage of any hesitation to pluck the remote from one another's hands and search for something which suits their tastes.

Kaldur tries to find a pirate film where the pirates are the bad guys and not the good guys. He is a little disturbed that he can't. M'gann tries to locate a romance film, but can't find anything with aliens in it. She nearly tries Species III, but I suggest that probably isn't the sort of thing she wants. I suppose it could be different to the version from my parallel, but I'd rather not take the chance. Kon seems to just scroll through things with no real idea what he's looking for. During a brief lull in which Kaldur delivered an impromptu lecture on the damage done to world trade networks by pirate attacks I took the opportunity to compare films I know with ones which exist here.

Castlevania directed by Chris Nolan? Wasn't making Batman, I suppose. Star Wars exists here, but it seems that George Lucas was killed in a hit and run accident before he could make episodes I to III. Unfortunately, Disney then bought his company and had Michael Bay do it. So, pro, no Jar Jar Binks. Con, Queen Amidala in a boob tube and hot pants and a thirty foot tall General Grievous. Think I'll give it a miss.

No DC means no V for Vendetta. No Marvel comics either, but I'm not sure that superhero genre is the way to go with this. We are superheroes. Nothing we watch will match the experience. My suggestion of 9 is shot down from all sides, though I don't think I did a particularly good job of selling it. In desperation I suggest having the ring select one entirely at random. Faced with the very real possibility of spending the rest of the evening arguing or -worse- learning more about non-state actors as agents of social decay, Kon and M'gann vote for that idea.

And that's why we spent the evening watching Super Giraffeman Seven.

The plot was threadbare, the sets were made of plywood, the acting was nonexistent and one guy tripped on his own wires and I don't think I've laughed that hard since a crazy woman phoned me at work and said that she'd kept her youngest child's placenta in her fridge for seven months but needed to arrange for it to be stored somewhere else because her children had mistaken it for ice cream and tried to eat it. Took our lab manager twenty minutes to convince her that it would be pointless, after I'd tried for half an hour.

When I laugh really hard, I don't make any noise, I just do a sort of choking action. Watching this abomination I was convulsing so hard that I struggled to keep my eyes focused on the screen. Even better, I think I must have been feeding back into M'gann because she ending up laughing just as hard as I was. I'm not sure that Kaldur or Kon got the joke, but our reactions set them off as well.

And, seventy two minutes later, with one last cry of 'Evil shall fall upon my horns of Justice! They are small but they are mighty!' it was over, and I could try breathing normally again.

Oh god. There might be six more of those things.

"I can't believe someone actually made that!"

Kaldur's still bemused. "Do you think it was intentional?"

"I don't know. It might have been? I mean, they can't have not noticed that you could see the reflection of the entire camera crew in the sacred... giraffe...pool..." I barely manage to get it out before I start laughing again, which causes M'gann to start as well.

Kon's got the remote control and is trying to find more information on it. "It says that it was made in nineteen seventy five by Takeshi Meeki."

I get a breath. "Is that his real name?"

"There's a list of the other movies he's made."

Kaldur leans forwards. "Are they... All..?"

"I don't know."

I risk looking at the screen. The summary screen for Super Giraffeman in Space is there waiting for me. Made in two thousand and one. Oh god. Same title actor. He must be in his seventies.

I suppose he can't have gotten any worse.

"There isn't... There doesn't... Martian cinema doesn't have anything like that." M'gann takes a little longer to recover than I do.

"It wouldn't, would it? When you can shapeshift you don't have to worry about your mane wig sliding down your head halfway through your main scene."

Kaldur blinks in recognition. "It was the way he kept leaning over to try and prevent it from falling off completely that I found the most distracting."

Kon is still going through Mister Takeshi's list of film credits. "Maybe Martian cinema does have things like that, and you just haven't watched it? If I had to introduce someone to Earth cinema, I don't think I'd start with that."

"Don't rule it out so quickly. Rowan Atkinson's character, Mister Bean, is very popular in countries that don't speak English because slapstick is so universal. And I think that was more slapstick than wuxia."

Kaldur can't take his eyes off the screen either. "I cannot say with certainty what it was."

M'gann checks her watch. "We've probably got time for another one."

"I'm not sure it would have the same effect again, now we're expecting it."

"Paul, Uncle J'onn probably felt the laughter in your mind all the way up on the Watchtower."

Kon sits up a little. "If it's a choice between watching another movie like that, or arguing about pirates again, I vote Giraffe."

The cursor is now over 'Super Giraffeman Supreme Shogun-President'. Nothing more needs to be said.

*Episode 05*: Skived

25th July
14:37 GMT -5

I don't think I'll ever quite get used to the way technology works around here. Not the user interfaces, which are either completely straightforward or completely incomprehensible -unmarked keyboards ahoy-, but the fact that it all works at all. Back when I first met Alan his intercom had completely clear sound, and it's all like that. Computers just don't crash during regular use. This base is full of machines that are just waiting to go wrong, and they never do. I remember reading Hyperion, where at the end the Shrike Church get trapped in their mountain fortress when the wormhole network collapses, because that was the only entrance. Our exits are giant blast doors and zeta tubes and they always work. I have the ring scan them every time before I use them. Nothing goes wrong. Coming from a place where the trains don't run on time if it rains -or if it doesn't-, it takes a bit of getting used to.

I've paired my dark grey jeans with an orange shirt today. I doubt Alan or Diana would mind if I showed up in my usual vest but I feel I should make an effort. This will be the first time I've spent much time in both of their company in a casual setting since the team was founded. Plus, the orange colouration means that the Lantern sigil doesn't really show; Vietnamese colour matching at its finest.

I'm on pudding duty, so I'm bringing a few hundred grams of chocolate with me in subspace. I ended up getting a chocolate pudding recipe online after M'gann found me in the kitchen swearing at one of the ones we have here which expresses all quantities in volume rather than mass. I don't mind ounces or grams, but whoever thought that a 'cup' was a sensible measure of anything solid needs to be slapped around the face. Also, not American 'chocolate'. I know some mainland European connoisseurs get snooty about British chocolate, but the US stuff is frankly hydrogenated vegetable oil filled swill. The chocolate I'll be using comes from Belgium.

Cadbury exists here, and it doesn't look like anyone is planning to take it over. If that situation changes I will seriously consider buying as much of it as I need to in order to prevent that from happening. Fucking Kraft.

"Hey, nice shirt."

Wallace is standing next to the main computer console in casuals. Robin is working a case with Batman and M'gann's taken Superboy out shopping so instead of hanging around with them he's looking at the initial reports on Venom Buster. I vaguely knew that his Justice League Unlimited incarnation was a police chemist but until last Tuesday I hadn't realised that this version shared that skill set. Apparently he copied Jay Garrick's speed formula in his own bedroom with some fairly basic materials.

Given that the formula is three for three with no serious adverse effects, I wonder why it isn't more widely used? I can understand about not making it public, but any baseline Human in 'the community' could benefit. Heck, Wallace's eating disorder is probably a product of amateur level equipment, rather than a problem with the formula itself.

I wonder if he could fix it by repeating the process with better materials? Or would doubling up make matters worse? Is there some common element between the Garrick Formula and the Danner Formula? Not sure what happens when you use a magic formula on someone who's already had a magic formula. Besides, the Danner Formula needs to be used in vitro. I... might want to look at getting a copy of each...

"Thanks. You ever need a suit, I'll introduce you to my tailor."

"Heading out early, aren't you?"

"I'm doing pudding. Besides, Diana's bringing a plus one and I want to find out who it is. On my parallel, someone like Wonder Woman dating would be bigger news."

He stops typing, and looks at me in confusion. "Did she actually say she was bringing a date?"

"Urp, no, Alan just said a plus one. That means date, right?"

He goes back to work. "Maybe. But she's probably just bringing Troia along."

The word forms even as I remember who she is. "Who?"

He looks incredulous. "Are you serious? You didn't know about Wonder Woman's other student?"

Donna Troy, the woman with the most messed-about-with back story in DC. I know that she's got the same abilities as Wonder Woman, but even though I've never had any interest in the character I can remember three distinct versions of where her powers come from. Right, right, Diana already said that she doesn't have any sisters, so that's out. So, that leaves being given the powers by the Greek gods on Themyscira or inheriting them from Titanic ancestors. Or something else. Can't remember anything about her personality.

"Diana never.. mentioned.. her?"

She didn't. And I looked up 'Wonder Girl' on the League's database and found no matches. Maybe I should have looked up Donna Troy as well, but that might have shown that I know real names when I shouldn't. I thought she started calling herself Troia as an adult. I mean, what does Troia even mean, anyway?

"You really didn't know?"

"Does this look like my 'I know what's going on' face?"

"N-no? Whaw. Really?"

"Yes, really."

"Huh. Kinda assumed that you'd met her by now."

"Nope."

Is she going to think I stole her mentor? I haven't been spending that much time with Diana. Have I? I certainly haven't been monopolising her. But maybe there's only so many trainee-appropriate missions?

"Wonder if she wants to join us?"

"I don't know! I never heard of her until just now."

And then he's standing next to me with an arm around my shoulder. "You should totally talk to her about it. She's pretty hot."

"I'll be sure to mention it."

"'Cause if she did join, we'd have a Bat, a Flash, a Super, a Martian, an Atlantean, an Amazon and a Lantern. That's the founding League right there."

"I'm sure the subject will come up."

"Make sure it does. I don't wanna start feeling bad about hogging all the female attention around here."

Yea-ah.

"I will endeavour to ensure that that doesn't happen. Now, if you'll excuse me, I've got a walk ahead of me."

"You know New York has cabs, right?"

Sigh.

"I can't carry conventional currency without destroying it. Some cab drivers would believe that a person would pay them in gold, but most would tell me to get lost, or call the police. I don't want to draw attention to Alan's house by flying there while glowing orange so I either have to get the zeta tube to Upper Manhattan and walk, take one to Metropolis and walk further, or take the one to Washington and travel underwater, which is incredibly boring."

"Yeah, I feel so sorry for you having to have dinner with Alan Scott and two of the hottest women on the planet."

He releases me and walks back to the computer at normal speed. I walk over to the entrance to Zeta Tube A, and look at it for a moment.

"Ring, just... just check it's working properly."

"Operations within defined parameters."

"Are you still worried about that?"

"I am justifiably cautious."

He sniggers. "Whatever."

Fine. I enter my destination, straighten my posture, and march in.

"Recognised, Orange Lantern, B zero six."

Ugh.

"It's Orange Lantern two eight-"

"-one four. Never mind."

I wonder how the Green Lanterns handle that? Must get confusing up in the Watchtower if they have the same handle as each other.

The zeta tube in Upper Manhattan is on the roof of the main office building in the Kord Industries complex. It looks like a second roof access, except it doesn't go anywhere and the fob reader on the outside won't open to staff fobs. Most League members have civilian identities which would explain why they were passing through the building, and can get away with taking the elevator down. I don't, so I take the external fire escape.

The building's five stories tall, and the views are only good if you like grey buildings. I think they tried to do a bit of landscaping -there's a few flower beds and a small group of trees- but it was a bit of a losing battle. You can just about see the river from the uppermost floor, but there are too many buildings in the way to get a look at anything interesting. There are also a couple of warehouses and a manufacturing plant on the site, though I'm not sure what it is they actually make here.

Ted Kord is active... Ish... As Blue Beetle, and his company is one of the League's suppliers. I guess Wayne Enterprises can't make everything without it looking really suspicious. He isn't a League member yet, but might well end up as one. No Booster Gold, which is a bit of a shame.

The way out -assuming that I want to avoid the front gate, which I do- is through a section of fence at the rear of the complex which drops into the ground when an authorised person touches it. That takes me to an alleyway, which leads out onto a path which takes me to Amsterdam Avenue. Completely straight roads are another thing I've found strange about America, along with the lack of roundabouts. Sure, British motorways are usually straight, but town roads go all over the place.

This grid thing might be convenient for drivers, but it really takes the fun out of being a pedestrian. If there's anything interesting, you can see it from miles away and be bored of it before you reach it. Especially in my case with my ring-improved vision. Remembering a route? Just walk forwards, and try not to bump into people. Not many people around, so really it's just a matter of stopping at intersections and waiting for the lights to change.

Ring, tell me about Donna Troy.

An image forms in my mind of a woman wearing a red unitard with silver star decoration, silver bracers and a silver belt with a lasso hanging off it. She looks... The obvious reference point is Diana, but that's not quite it. She's a bit shorter. The muscle is there, but her face and figure are a bit more rounded, maybe the result of growing up on an American diet rather than a Mediterranean one.

Donna Troy, also know as 'Troia'-.

Hold on a second. What does that word mean?

There are several possible meanings, depending on language and era. The most likely origin is the Latin name for the city-state of Troy.

She uses her surname as her codename?

That is the most likely explanation.

No mask and she uses her name in public. If Diana gives me any trouble about working this one out...

Resume.

Donna Troy, also know as 'Troia'. Born, fifteenth of April, nineteen ninety three. Name of natural parents unknown. Adopted parents Carl and Fay Stacey.

Stacey? So where does 'Troy' come from?

Earliest records indicate that her name was Donna Troy prior to her adoption.

Wouldn't her adopted parents have changed her surname to match theirs?

Unable to speculate.

No, wait, Richard Grayson. Maybe that's just not how things work here? Fine, resume.

New York resident. In her civilian identity attends the Eleanor Roosevelt High School. No data available on first manifestation of powers. First public appearance in heroic persona twelfth of July two thousand seven. Powers demonstrated in public include potence, fortitude and unassisted flight. Source of powers unrecorded. Standard equipment includes bracers and lasso. Usually seen operating in the company of Princess Diana of Themyscira.

Might have been nice to know that a week ago... Anything on her personality?

No interviews on public record.

Pffff. Any idea what she likes to eat?

Scanning Stacey residence. Genetic and food residue suggest that she likes cereal brand 'Lucky Charms'. Unable to specifically link other foodstuffs at the residence to the subject.

Did the ring just..? I just did a detailed scan on a private residence because I was curious about her eating habits. I... I need to avoid getting in the habit of doing that.

In an attempt to avoid boredom and random ring-snooping, I turn left towards Fort Washington Park. I see it in the distance.

Then, I see it a bit closer.

Then a bit closer.

Finally, I get to it and for a moment I feel the voices of my ancestors telling me to capture it for King George.

Heh, maybe later.

I've never actually walked this route before, though it's not like I can get lost with the ring's mapping feature and the fact that there isn't all that much space to get lost in. Last time I walked around Manhattan prior to my first meeting with Alan I stuck to the east side of the island, and I flew whenever I thought I could risk it. The park runs along the east bank of the Hudson River on the west side of the island, and is mostly open grassland with the occasional tree. It merges in the north with Fort Tryon Park and then Inwood Hill Park, which Alan's house borders. Not really sure why they're separate entities. In a place like Manhattan, wouldn't they be controlled by the same authority?

There are a few people picnicking and I think I can smell a barbecue somewhere. Not really one for barbecued food myself, though I've only ever really had it prepared by inexperienced amateurs. Children and dogs also in evidence, and I'm not really a fan of either. I actually learned to create the dog-away sonic device in construct form to use against guard dogs, but it occurs to me that it has other uses. Wonder if there's a frequency which repels children?

Alan didn't say what he was cooking for us. One of the many useful mundane functions of the ring is that it renders me immune to both heat and chemical burning caused by food. I remember once when I ordered pasta with chilli sauce in a restaurant at the Eastbourne Marina. A slight pleasant heat until I bit into a piece of chilli and ended up downing the table's water jug. Not fun.

I was planning to bring up the idea of training Superboy in super strength brawling with Diana, but now I'm not sure that it's practical. True, I actually can't learn that from her. We tried a couple of times but I haven't yet got the knack of increasing my physical strength while using my armour construct, not to the extent I'd need to in order to make a decent sparring partner for her at any rate. Plus, I really prefer making ranged attacks. Or maybe it's because I don't want to attack her? Not sure.

Superboy could spar on a more physically even basis, but unlike me he'd end up directly competing with Donna for the same type of tuition. Maybe I could suggest that she take part in our team's training as an additional teacher? I'm really more of a remedial case where fisticuffs are concerned.

I wonder exactly how enhanced Kaldur's strength is? I know that he's stronger than his mass suggests, and I know that Superboy is far stronger than him from the reports of their fight at Cadmus. Is there an actual super strength martial art? I remember wondering when watching the Justice League Unlimited cartoon why someone like Supergirl would bother hitting someone with a car when her flesh was far tougher that the metal of its body. Same with concrete or tarmac; slam a regular person into it and they get hurt. If Superman hit Soloman Grundy into either surface it would cushion his fall, compared to what would happen if he held onto the back of his head and kneed him in the face.

I turn from the parkland into the residential area. Alan actually gave me an electronic key for the gate and front door. Not sure how common those are here. I scanned it with the ring and I've used that every time since. Speaking of rings, I haven't seen him wear his since dropping me off at the mountain. I suppose he wants to conserve power, which is a sensible thing to do. After he finished talking to Lantern Jordan I asked him about the possibility of one of them letting him charge from their personal lanterns in an emergency and apparently the Guardians have made it clear to them that is not allowed. The local Corps members respect him, but he isn't part of the Corps and isn't permitted to use Corps equipment. At least they haven't tried to take his gear back. Wonder if they regret that decision now due to me?

None of the Green Lantern Corps members have said anything to me. I'm not complaining about them not hounding me, but the lack of any contact is making me a little nervous that they might just be biding their time. I think it's more likely that the Guardians are quietly panicking about the possibility that Larfleeze is on the move, and trying to pretend that nothing is wrong. If that is their concern, they might have ordered 'hands off' where I am concerned. I suppose, if I really want to know, there's nothing to stop me approaching one of them and just asking. If I decide to do that, Guy's the best bet. Something to think about.

25th July
16:33 GMT -5

Making most things is easy when you have a power ring. But most things I make aren't much easier to make, Kon's inner ear being the obvious exception. When I bake, a construct whisk is a little better than an electric whisk, but the main advantage is that you can hold a conversation at the same time due to the lack of noise, not that the whisking gets done any faster.

Making ice cream on the other hand becomes ridiculously easy. Though the first stage is the same as doing it the normal way, the cooling and freezing is much faster when you can play around with thermodynamics without having to wait for a comparatively inefficient freezer to do the cooling. The gooseberry ice cream that we'll be having with the chocolate pudding later is floating in a freezer construct in the middle of the kitchen, simultaneously being solidified and whisked.

Turns out that as a long time bachelor... No, that isn't right, he was married... Widower? Does it count if the marriage was annulled? Whatever, a single man. As a long time single man Alan is quite a good cook, and has many years barbecue experience. The main course today is a selection of marinated chicken parts, sweet corn and vegetable skewers. I think that the last part is a concession to me, given my distaste for salad. He's in the back garden now setting it up.

I can't put the chocolate pudding together until it's cooking time plus fifteen minutes before we want to eat it. A strobe of orange light has already cleaned the surfaces and the few physical utensils I've used. Really cuts down on washing up duty. Sticking a lid on thinks that you're whisking is pretty useful as well. Alan told me that he'd never thought to use his ring for such mundane matters, but that having seen me do it he could see the benefit.

Ding dong.

"I'll get it!"

I deposit the frozen ice cream into a large bowl, cover it with cling film and put it in the freezer section of the kitchen fridge. Then I walk to the door and open it. Diana's wearing a pale cream blouse and dark blue trousers. A flicker of OrangeVision reveals that she's wearing her armoured bustier underneath and has her bracers and tiara in her handbag. Standing just behind her, wearing blue jeans and a red t-shirt with some sort of gold-coloured bird across the chest, is Troia. I smile. Need to thank Wallace for cluing me in.

"Hello! Come on in, Alan's just setting up."

"Thank you, Paul." I step back into the hallway and she steps forwards across the threshold. My eyes flick to Donna's and I smile a little more. "Paul, this is-."

"Donna Troy, aka 'Troia'." I extend my left hand as she comes into the house. After a momentary pause she takes it. "Orange Lantern two eight one four. You already know my name."

She isn't wearing her -I presume armoured- costume.

"Hello." Her face is in neutral. Not sure whether she's making an effort to be reasonable, or if Diana gave her enough notice for the shock to have worn off.

Might as well ask... "When'd you find out about me?"

Her eyes move to Diana for a moment. "Yesterday."

She doesn't sound happy about it.

"If it's any consolation I only found out about you a few hours ago."

"What?"

And suddenly I can't move my hand. Super strength demonstrated at close quarters in this way is alarming in the same way Wallace's bursts of speed are. You're forced to confront the fact that you are dealing with someone who isn't playing by the same rules as you. I noticeably outmuscle her, but unless I use the ring my hand is not moving.

"You haven't see any of the news footage of all the times Diana and I fought together?"

"I've been here three weeks, and I've mostly been researching supervillains, not heroes. Did a quick search to see if there was a Wonder Girl, but, um..."

She releases my hand. Her eyes move to the side, her hands on her hips. Alright, so she's clearly not okay with me. "The Ares-worshipping cult in Utah?"

I shrug. "Sorry."

"The Sirens off the coast of Michigan?"

"Um, look, I've been-"

"What about the time Doctor Psycho took the entirety of Staten Island hostage?"

Doctor Edgar Cizko is a scary little man. I've actually read up on that mission, but I think she was listed as 'other League assets'. Probably not the best angle to take.

"Have you heard of Accomplished Perfect Physician? Or John Constantine?"

She pauses for a moment, brow furrowing slightly. "No. Who are they?"

"The first is a super... Well, in China they call them super-functionaries. You've never heard of him because China doesn't like people with super powers and independent turns of mind. The second is a notable member of London's magic scene. I think Mister Zatara knows him. Knows of him, anyway."

"Your point being?"

"I'm very new at this. There's a lot of things I don't know. You, are one of those things, and I'm not saying-." She goes to interrupt but I plough on, hands making the praying gesture. "I'm not saying what you've done isn't important. It is. I'm just saying, it's a big world with lots of stuff in it and you're one of the things I haven't got round to finding out about yet."

Her arms cross at her chest, weight shifted back. "... Fine."

Diana tries to ease the tension. "Paul, is Alan in the garden?"

"Er, yes, he's setting up the barbecue. Said something about using the right types of wood?"

"Very well. Donna, shall we?"

She holds out an arm and waits until a slightly hesitant Donna walks past her down the hallway towards the back door. I guess she's been here before. Diana waits for a moment. "Paul, I didn't tell you about her because-."

"You wanted to be sure I could be trusted before introducing me to your apprentice. I'm not offended. It's a perfectly sensible thing to do."

"That was part of it, to start with, but... Really, I assumed that you'd have found out by now. After all..." She makes circles with her hands and raises them to her eyes. "She doesn't even wear a tiny mask."

She lowers her hands, and with a smile in my direction follows Donna out the back. I stand stock-still. I'm not surprised that the mountain has cameras. I'm not even all that surprised that she saw the recording of me talking to Wallace. What I can't quite get my head around, is...

Did I just get trolled by Wonder Woman?

"I'm somewhat curious, what made you choose the Latin version of your surname as your code name?"

"You introduced yourself as Orange Lantern. You can't be worried about secrecy."

I shrug. "Out and proud. Plus, I can't say my actual name without choking. Robin had to print it on business cards, makes me look like a complete ponce when I hand them out. I thought.. secrecy was the name of the game around here?"

I planned to stay in the kitchen for ten minutes or so while Diana and Donna said hello to Alan. Give Donna a chance to calm down a bit. But from what I could see Diana said something to her and, after standing still for a moment, she came back inside and I had to pretend that I'd been doing something about pudding so I wouldn't have to explain why I hadn't followed them out. At the moment she's leaning against the wall on the other side of the room, arms still crossed.

"I'm not that recognisable. Apparently."

"Yeah, but all it would take would be a tourist with a camera posting a picture online. Then, someone uses some facial recognition software..."

"Most fights Diana and I get into are either too far away from people for it to be a problem, or I'm moving too fast to give them a good picture. Besides, have you any idea how dangerous it is to fight that close to people?"

Ah!

"Yes, actually. My first supervillain fight in Happy Harbour-."

"Which I've never heard of."

Touche.

"Right, well. We're fighting a robot that can throw tornados, and he's decided to level the seafront. By the time we got there, he was throwing boats around and he'd crushed a couple of houses. Was a big wake up call for me."

"Wait. Tornado robot? Like Red Tornado?"

"Same tech, different guy. We checked."

"And who's 'we'?"

I pause for a moment. This is Donna Troy. I know I can trust her, and it sounded like Wallace knows her, but I should probably stick to code names. "Aqualad, Robin, Kid Flash, Superboy, Miss Martian and myself."

She looks puzzled. "No Speedy?"

"Kid Flash told me that he wasn't keen on joining the kiddy team."

"And you are?"

"I need the training too much to be precious about it."

She looks off to the side again. "I didn't even know that Superman had a sidekick."

"He... Doesn't. He has a partial clone that Aqualad, Robin and Kid Flash broke out of a lab. Oh, and they really hate the 'S' word."

She looks back at me, one eye squinting. "What do they call themselves, then?"

"Apprentices. Students. Partners."

"And you're okay with being Diana's sidekick?"

"Well.. I.. I.. would be, but I'm not." I gesture towards her. "You are. I've only been on actual combat missions with her a couple of times, and she hasn't really let me do anything. I think she's mostly leaving my training to the team, and whoever the League assigns to us."

"Oh. I'd assumed you were..."

"What? No! No. I mean, she might start taking me out on missions once the school term starts and the team can't get together on missions as often."

"Planning on skipping school?"

Huh?

"I've finished full time education. Also-" I raise my left hand palm forwards and point to the ring. "-I have a job."

"What's the pay like?"

I make a finger clicking gesture with my right hand and call a gold coin forth from subspace. "'S alright. Benefits are pretty good too."

"The Orange Lantern Corps pays you in gold?"

"No, but outside work I can use the ring for whatever I want. And what I want includes enough asteroid mining that I never have to worry about money again."

"And this is what you want out of life?" She stands up and paces a circuit of her side of the room. "You actually want to be a full time superhero. All the things you could do and that's what you picked?"

Hm. Interesting point, actually. Once I knew I could charge the ring I just sort of assumed that this is what I'd do. I intend to do things a little differently from the norm once I get enough experience to know what I'm doing, but I never questioned that ring equals superhero. I wouldn't have a problem with some theoretical future member of my Corps using their ring solely for engineering or chirurgery, but I never considered that for myself. Have I been memetically programmed by years of comic books and cartoons?

Answer honestly.

"It's what I want to do at the moment. Once my year's up, then there might be something else I want to pursue."

She stops and looks at me again. "Why a year?"

Oh. Haven't actually told anyone about that.

"The only way I could think of to get Diana to take me on was to swear an oath to Gaea that I'd do what I was told. And if I hadn't, Alan probably wouldn't have given me his lantern. The oath lasts a year, so any other plans I might have are on hold until then."

"Oh." A frown. "You didn't have your own lantern?"

"Nope. I brought the ring, though."

"What do your parents think about this?"

I'm not sure what they'd think. Mum said that she'd disown me if I joined the army. Not sure this counts. After three weeks she'd probably be too relieved to hear from me to care.

"Didn't Diana say? I come from a parallel universe. I have no way to contact my parents."

"A parallel universe?"

Warding gesture. "If my story didn't check out, I'd've been truth lassoed by now."

Her eyes drop. "Oh. I'm... I'm sorry to hear that. About your parents, I mean."

"I prefer to think of this as an opportunity. No point dwelling on things I can't change."

"No, I suppose not."

25th July
18:56 GMT -5

"...with my last year of high school coming up, I haven't been able to spend as much time with Diana as I'd have liked."

We're out in the garden. Alan had a wooden trestle table in his garage and I gave it a ring clean before we sat down. Dinner was good, and pudding is in the oven. I nearly made a bit of a faux pas when I completely ignored the dip stuff Alan had prepared, but I spotted it in time. Only ended up putting a teaspoon's worth of each on my plate, and I tasted them very gingerly. When they noticed, Donna laughed out loud and Diana was covering her smile with her left hand.

"That's a commendably far-sighted attitude, Donna. I didn't start as Green Lantern until I was in my twen'ies."

Alan opened a bottle of wine for himself and Diana. Donna's having coke -I didn't recognise the brand- and I'm drinking milk. Their choice of tipple prompted a brief discussion about the differences in alcohol consumption laws in Britain and the US. I don't think they believed me when I said that the youngest age it's legal to drink in Britain is five. I have trouble believing that it's twenty one in the US, and Alan admitted that it doesn't make much sense. Also, I was surprised to learn that squash is basically unknown in the US. Must remember to check whether Ribena here still uses the gloriously sugar filled recipe that they used in my childhood, or the bland one they use now.

"Well, my parents pretty much insisted. But I do think they're right."

So, no Troia on the team until at least the end of the next school year, which if memory serves correctly is in May or June. Maybe I could persuade her to spend some time on the base before the school year starts?

"Do you have any plans for what you want to do when you finish high school?"

I'm a bit surprised that Diana hasn't talked about that with her before.

"College, I guess. I haven't really thought much about it."

I can't think of any obvious ways to make money using her power set. Boxing, maybe? Cargo transportation? I hesitate to suggest modelling, though I suppose she could. Strength and toughness just aren't very haxable powers. I certainly don't remember what she did employment-wise in the comics. Maybe she could try actual law enforcement? There must be some sort of Federal agency that hires metahumans for that sort of work.

"What about you, Paul? Any plans for your future?"

I've been quiet for too long and Alan's spotted it.

I raise my left hand, and point to the ring with my right index finger. "I'm a Sector Lantern. As far as I'm concerned, that's a full time job. I haven't even been to Mars yet, let alone any of the other inhabited worlds in this sector. I'm not going to bother trying to create a cover identity and I'm certainly not interested in mundane employment."

"The League could set up a cover identity for you."

"Diana, I appreciate the offer, but it wouldn't work. I mean, I think I was careful on the way over here but there's no way I could live like that full time. All respect to the two of you-" I wave at Donna and Alan. "-for being able to do it, but I'd be climbing the walls."

I fork some courgette and a small piece of chicken, dab it into the.. yellow.. goo.. stuff, and then put it in my mouth. I'm not sure whether to credit Alan's skill as a chef or the ring for augmenting my sense of taste, but this is great stuff.

Diana and Alan share a glance. Oh dear.

"Alan tells me that he offered you the chance to move in here full time."

My mouth is full, but I nod.

"Would you mind telling me why you turned him down? Mount Justice isn't exactly homey."

I wave a fork for a moment, then swallow. "I am grateful for the offer. But, fact is, I'm an Orange Lantern. My ability to assist my team mates in combat is directly proportional to my, um, my level of emotional engagement with them. The orange ring runs on selfishness, so I've been training myself to want what they want, to identify success for the team with success for me. If I spend more time away from them, it hinders that."

"I was impressed when I read the report of you healing Superboy's ears."

Donna looks interested. Ohhhhh... "What happened to Superboy's ears?"

"During the fight with Mister Twister -that robot I mentioned?- I used a sonic weapon construct. Those... Really don't mix well with super hearing." Donna winces, and Alan looks concerned. "When we got back, I read up on Kryptonian physiology, and I was able to rebuild the parts of his inner ear which I'd destroyed. I could do that because it was my fault, and I really wanted to undo my mistake. I can't just pop down to the local hospital and start healing people."

"He's alright now?"

I look at Donna. "Yeah. Better, actually. The only Kryptonian whose details were on record was Superman, so Kon's hearing is now exactly as good as his."

"Kon?"

"Oh, right. Superboy didn't have a name when Kaldur and co. broke him out of Cadmus. He picked Kon-El last week."

Diana sits back, and blinks heavily twice.

"I was meaning to ask, actually. I know you can't commit to the team full time, but is there any chance you could pop by before the end of the school summer holiday? I'm sure Kon would appreciate having someone in his own weight class to spar with."

"You're not in his class?"

"Not in his weight class, no. I can block his attacks okay, but I'm a ranged fighter. And, completely unskilled at hand to hand combat. He just finds sparring with me annoying."

She looks to Diana for approval. After a moment she gets a small nod, and looks back to me. "I.. still.. don't know when I'll be able to make it. But thanks."

"Don't thank me yet. Kon punches like a speeding locomotive."

"I'll manage." She's smiling at me for the first time since we met. If I'd have known that offering her a sparring match would brighten up her day I'd have volunteered myself.

"Anyone else want that last skewer?"

I think the ring can cope with transmuting whatever I eat. I'm not sure that I even need a digestive system any more, as long as I wear it. But if I stuff myself full of things I think of as unhealthy my self concept might change. Pretty sure barbecue vegetable skewers are safe, though. I get three negatives and put it on my plate. Donna's smile turns into a smirk.

"You know you said that your ring only helps people you care about?"

I hastily swallow a bit of pepper. "Yes?"

"If you could rebuild his entire ear, you must care about Kon a lot."

!Kon is mine!

"I do. He's quite important to me."

"I think you've spent more time talking about him than your other team mates combined."

I shrug. "I've spent more time with him and M'gann than the others. Living in the mountain, and with Kaldur spending time off with King Orin."

She's smiling more. Should I be worried?

"You haven't been talking about M'gann as much."

"She's more... Self sufficient? She finds Earth society fascinating. Kon... Needs me more. He doesn't have much social experience, hasn't seen much of the world for himself. He thinks of himself as a weapon, and mopes if he goes too long without a mission or mission related task. Even more than the other do. He idolises Superman, who won't give him the time of day... I guess.. I.. like being needed. He just gets so frustrated sometimes... I want to help him become a fully functional person, make him happy. I've been trying to find things for us to do together... That reminds me, what's happening with those plant samples we got from Swamp Thing's place?"

Diana pauses a moment. "Batman.. has.. people working on it."

There's a 'ping' from the kitchen. "Oh, excuse me, I have to go and check on that."

As I leave the garden I hear Donna say: "I guess that explains why he was staring at your armor when you first met."

"Donna, that's not helpful."

3rd August
07:36 GMT -5

"So, yeah, I get where she was coming from. She tells Wonder Woman that she's not going to be able to work with her for a year, then a couple of weeks later I turn up."

Kon and I are on an early morning walk through Metropolis. Not completely sure what he wants from the trip. He seems to know his way around; Metropolis doesn't quite have the rigid grid of Manhattan but he's leading the way just fine. Since this is Superman's home town perhaps Cadmus included route maps in his programming? He certainly hasn't been here before in person. Maybe he's trying to reconcile what he knows with what he's seen?

No sign of Superman himself. I could do a scan for him, but this is Kon's thing. I don't want to risk harming the relationship he clearly wants to build with his... Okay, not father exactly, but I don't have a better word to describe the male source of half of someone's genes.

"It wasn't like you were waiting for her to leave."

"Not the point. She was feeling bad about the decision, and then I appeared and she had something to focus her bad feelings at."

We're walking near what the ring informs me is the Metro-Narrows Bridge. Bit of an odd name, but then I used to live in a place called Hampden Park.

Used to live. I've pretty much accepted at this point that I'm not going home anytime soon. I haven't definitely decided that I don't want to as yet, but I'm leaning towards concluding-my-life-there and holiday visits only, rather than moving back full time. I have no way to know whether the ring would work back home, and I am completely sure that I wouldn't move back without it.

"Can you... Hear that?" Kon's stopped walking. He's looking at the ground and squinting, turning his head from side to side.

"No, but if you can describe it to me I can probably scan for it."

"I don't know..." He stops trying to listen, and peers at the bridge. From what I've been able to tell Kryptonian eyes do some sort of gravity lensing thing to enable long distance vision. When active, Kon's focus becomes extremely narrow. He's basically blind apart from the thing he's looking at, and he gets a headache if you stick something in the way close to his eyes.

"Ring, scan the bridge. Report structural anomalies or explosives."

"Structural weakness detected in suspension cables around south western pylon. No significant explosives detected."

"When you say 'weakness', what-."

Oh no.

Kon's already moving as in the distance I watch two suspension cables part company with the suspender cable and slam into the road. Only pure luck prevents them from smashing into one of the vehicles and I'm not a bystander, god damn it!

Kon gets a momentary surprise as I grab him mid leap and then we're both at the site of the accident. A yellow school bus and a couple of cars have swerved to a halt near where the cables are lying. I'm momentarily puzzled as to why the cable's own weight hasn't dragged them over the edge, but then I'm no structural engineer. The front end of the bus is slightly up on the rim of the bridge, but pulling it back shouldn't be much trouble. Then a LexCorp lorry that couldn't brake in time shunts it, pushing the bus further over the rim and going out of control itself. The lorry and another white car that had managed to avoid the bus veer across the road and slam into the crash barrier.

Time to make Kon look good for Superman.

"I'll get the bus, you deal with the accident."

He nods, and I drop the construct platform we're standing on. We're only about four metres from the surface, and Kon lands easily. I fly to the front of the bus and stick a platform under the front wheels. As I work I remember not to narrow my awareness -thank you Batman's post Santa Prisca performance review- just in time to shove aside a red car that was heading for the back of the bus, and cushion its deceleration. Negative acceleration, whatever.

Fucking front engine models. I have to take a moment to look at the faces of the panicking children on board before I want it enough to lift it off the crash barrier and fully on to the road. This bridge is going to be out of commission for a few days at least but the fastest way for these people to get off is to drive off. I should be able to hold-.

There's a flash of red in the corner of my eye, and the section of bridge I'm over seems to lift slightly. OrangeVision reveals Superman underneath supporting the bridge with his strength while heat visioning the snapped girders. Is that really a good idea? Doesn't steel lose a lot of its strength above a certain temperature? I could probably have fused it myself, but I suppose this is only going to be a quick fix until the civil engineers can get in to do a survey anyway.

Oh, I'm sure he knows what he's doing. Something like this is probably a weekly event around here. I drop down to just above the surface of the road. Superboy's already lifted a car that had been hanging over the other side of the bridge back onto the road. Not sure an overhead lift was really the best approach, but it's working. He's also checking on the other cars that have hit things or been hit. One took a side impact and he had to rip the door off to get the passengers out. Other damaged cars are leaking petrol and he's shepherding the people back behind the crash barrier away from the potential fire.

Right, what should I be doing next? I could try to reattach the cables, or move cars out of-.

"Nice work you're doing."

That's Superman. Superman's next to me. External underwear with pointless yellow belt, weird hair curl, truly huge muscles, -I don't care how loose his shirt and jacket are, the Planet staff must be blind not to notice that one of their reporters looks like a professional bodybuilder- pointless red cape... It's Superman.

"Thank you sir. How would you like us to proceed?"

He frowns slightly, then his gaze sweeps the bridge and alights on Kon, who appears to have the moving damaged cars out of the way thing under control. He puts a blue one down near us, freeing up several intact but trapped cars to drive away, and walks over.

Oh, am I about to be a third wheel at the most awkward father-son conference ever? Of course I am.

"Superboy."

Kon looks Superman in the eye, then drops his gaze off to the side. "I... I have a name."

Should I do something about the cables? Or maybe contact the emergency services? Someone will have already done that, right? Oh god I can't move.

"Oh? Batman didn't say anything about that. What did you choose?"

Ah shit, I didn't think about how he'd respond.

"It's..." Kon looks at him again. "It's Kon-El."

I'm not looking at Superman's face, but I feel him twitch and jerk back in the air as Kon says it.

Kon goes back to not looking at him. He turns, and takes in the bridge. In the distance I can hear the sounds of sirens as the ambulances arrive. I didn't see anyone who needed them, but I suppose it doesn't hurt to make sure.

"Did..? Did I, did we do a good job?"

I feel displaced air as Superman floats backwards. "The situation here seems to be under control."

"Well, yeah, but..."

There's a chime, and Superman raises his left hand to his earpiece.

"Superman. Wait, Arrow, slow down. What's attacking..?"

Superman turns away from Kon and myself, focusing on his conversation. Kon doesn't slump. I've noticed that about him. He gets angry first, fists clenching, muscles tensing, jaw setting. He only gets depressed after he's had time to calm down.

Superman flicks an eye back at Kon. "No, I'm definitely available. Coordinates?"

Kon can hear what Superman's saying even better than I can. He can probably hear Mister Queen's end of the conversation too. And I know he wants nothing more than for Superman to ask him to come along.

"Acknowledged."

But he isn't going to.

"On my way."

Superman turns back to us. I've drifted to just behind Kon's left shoulder. United front.

"Sorry... Superboy. Duty calls." He nods at me. "Orange Lantern."

He lifts up from the bridge and accelerates, heading south. At the near end of the bridge I can see a barricade being erected to prevent traffic. Kon's staring at the ground again.

"Aaarrrhhh!"

He crouches, then leaps up onto the nearest bridge tower, then away to the next one.

!Kon needs me!

Professionally, I know I should stay here and talk to the investigators. Personally, I'd like to go after Kon, but I doubt he wants to talk at the moment, and getting into an argument now won't help him. The ring glows brightly as my need builds with no productive channel.

Action plan, action plan. Paralysis helps no one. I need to talk to someone. Alright, New York's not far from here. Once I know this situation is under control, I can go and see if Diana's at the embassy. She's known Superman for years. She can probably suggest something.

The Themysciran embassy doesn't seem to do a lot of actual embassy work. No visas are granted -aside from very special occasions, and Diana handles those personally- and there isn't really any trade to organise. She told me that they handle some post, mostly from historians and, well, fetishists, but most of the work that goes on there is work for the women's charities that Wonder Woman founded or supports.

I bypass the outer gate by landing inside the walls, and use the ring to open the security door. The orange glow hasn't really died down on my flight over here, frustration at the delay in getting someone to take an official statement from me giving me no outlet for my drive. You'd have thought that the Metropolis police department would be more geared towards handling people like me, but apparently not.

There's a chubby blonde woman in a suit behind the desk in the small lobby. I stride towards her.

"And whawt c'n ah do fer you, sugar?"

I stop just before the desk, pausing to regain my focus and calm. "Good morning. I am Orange Lantern two eight one four. Is Her Highness likely to be available anytime soon?"

She gives me a look. What am I doing wrong? Oh! I walk right up to the desk and offer her my left hand.

"Sorry about that. Rude of me."

She looks at my hand, and frowns. "Y'know, in mah lahn o'work, y'get a mite cautious abowt touching glowin' rings."

"Oh. Right, sorry." I withdraw my left hand and offer my right instead. She looks at me for a moment before taking it.

"A'hm Etta Candy, Princess Diana's PA. Y'know, you're a good deal politer than most people who come burstin' in through those doors."

"Bursting in? Oh, whoops. Should have used the intercom, sorry, sorry."

"Not t'worry, sugar. I'll cancel the call t'the police." I cringe. She smiles. "Just mah little joke. We'll geht you a pass card so you don't feul enclah'n'd t'do that egain."

"Actually, if you could just set me up on the system? I'd be entering my code with the ring anyway."

She nods. "Diana saw y' comin' in, an' called down. Y'c'n go right urp."

"Thank you."

I smile, and take to the stairs. Ring, where's..? Right.

Two landings up and I'm outside her door. I usually hate opaque doors in places I've never been before, as it used to mean that I would have no idea whether or not I'm in the right place until after I'd opened it. Now, I can use OrangeVision and see her sitting at her desk. Useful. I step up to the door and knock twice.

"Paul, you can just come in."

I open the door.

The room is carpeted in lilac, with walls papered in a paler shade of the same colour. There are shelves and racks with what are either trophies or mementos of home. Some of it looks historical, but I suspect that the spear is still razor sharp and that the breastplate could take a hit or two. Diana herself is wearing a white chiton with some sort of lacework along the edges, and she smiles as I enter.

A thought and I shift from my medium armour to my actual formal wear: white shirt, dark grey trousers and jacket with orange pinstripes. Gotta love the Vietnamese. I'm still surprised they even had this cloth.

"Thank you for seeing me at short notice."

"That's quite alright." She pushes some papers aside and gestures for me to take the chair opposite her. "What can I do for you?"

"Kon and I... There was an accident on a bridge in Metropolis. A couple of the suspension cables snapped off. We... I mean, Superman and we, handled it. No one seriously hurt."

"That's good to know."

I didn't really think this through. What do I say to her?

"Kon tried talking to Superman, afterwards. Superman wasn't exactly rude, but he made it clear that he didn't want anything to do with him. Kon idolises Superman. He wants, more than anything else, to have some sort of relationship with him."

"Superman hasn't spoken to me about him. I know that he was gravely concerned about the work that was being done at the Cadmus labs."

"Right, and if he'd heat visionned the whole place to ash, then I'd've understood. But it seems like he's taking it out on the only guy at Cadmus whose fault it wasn't. I get that he finds it weird, but he's more prepared to spend time with complete strangers than with the only other Kryptonian on the planet."

Diana brings her hands together in front of her. "Okay, and what would you like me to do about it?"

"Could you... Please, could you try talking to Superman? Find out what his problem is? He can't just pretend that Kon doesn't exist."

Her eyes drop for a moment. "I will admit, his behavior has been a little.. uncharacteristic, where Superboy is concerned." She nods, and looks back at me. "I'll try and talk to him about it. I can't promise how he'll respond."

"I know. Thank you anyway."

"Now, would you like to explain to me why your ring is still glowing?"

Oh. That. I flap my left hand a little. "It's my need to help Kon. It's like when I wrecked his ears and didn't know how to fix them right away. I need to help Kon with Superman, but I don't know what to do."

"That seems surprisingly altruistic for the power of avarice."

I wave my right hand. "Like I said when we dealt with the Harpies, I'm not a psychopath. Kon-El is my team mate and my friend. This hurts him, so it hurts me. His wellbeing is part of my wellbeing."

"You don't feel tempted to try something more direct?"

!Superboy Mine!

"Oh, you have no idea. Before I found out about Donna I did consider asking you to take him on instead. Or if a family connection is what he's looking for, I could..."

Not sure I should talk about that.

Diana leans forward. "You could what, Paul?"

That may have been an order.

"I'm, I'm having a very hard time justifying to myself why I don't just fly him down to Kansas and introduce him to his grandparents."

Diana stiffens almost imperceptibly for a moment. Really, all that shows is a stilling of her hands and a slight tension around her eyes. Then, she forms an expression of benevolent puzzlement.

"What makes you think Superboy has grandparents living in Kansas?"

"Tracking Kryptonian spacecraft isn't that hard. Tracking materials not native to Earth is even easier. Then, match up timelines and birth records."

"So, you know..?"

"Yes."

She thinks about that for a moment, then in a stern voice asks one of the questions I was concerned about.

"Who else do you know?"

"Pretty much everyone else." My eyes drop to the desk. "Yeah, I know I shouldn't have done it, and I'm sorry, and if I'd known when I got to this parallel what I know now, I wouldn't have done it. But at the time, finding out, it seemed like a sensible precaution."

For a moment she says nothing.

"Be that as it may..." Her face hardens. "Orange Lantern, this is a direct order. You are not to reveal the secret identity of any League member or affiliate without an order from myself or Batman, unless you have their express permission."

I nod. "Sir."

*Part 07, Renegade*

"Like I said when we dealt with the Harpies, I'm not a psychopath. Kon-El is part of my ingroup. His wellbeing is part of my wellbeing."

"You don't feel tempted to try something more direct?"

"Oh, you have no idea."

She looks at me curiously. "What do you mean by that?"

"Kon wants familial ties. If Superman is unwilling, there's always his Human parent."

"Doctor Desmond won't be leaving-."

I hold up a large grey hand. "Wait. You think Doctor Desmond was the source of his Human DNA?"

She frowns. "If it wasn't Desmond, then who was it?"

"Alexander Luthor."

Colour drains from her face. "What?"

"That was news? You hadn't checked? Next you'll be telling me you haven't checked him for telepathically implanted commands!"

Her face stills. Oh, for goodness sake...

"Really? You did know that he was educated entirely by telepaths, right?"

"Well, yes..."

"And you have considered the legal issues concerned with keeping knowledge of his existence from his natural parent? Particularly given his age?"

"Lex Luthor is a scheming criminal-."

"Lex Luthor is a legitimate businessman until you can prove otherwise in court. Why are you trying to give him ammunition to use against you?"

3rd August
13:05 GMT -5

I'm not sure if Kaldur really thought it through. Clearly he knows that Wallace can move at incredible speed, but it doesn't look like he appreciated how fast his reflexes are. They've set up some sort of tactile air hockey hologram to pass the time waiting for our hand to hand combat training session with Black Canary to start. Or for Kon to get back.

We haven't heard from him. M'gann was a bit worried when I came back without him, explained what had happened and that I didn't know where he was. I could have scanned for him, but I though it best to give him some privacy.

Everyone else is in their regular uniform, but I'm in my light armour instead. The point of this is to learn how to strike and avoid being struck, and I already know that a baseline human can hit my medium armour more or less indefinitely without doing anything but bruising themselves. The light armour is a little easier to move in and weighs less. I don't intend to wear the ring during this session; if I'm having to fight hand to hand then I've either lost the ring or run out of power. I'm more than a little nervous about getting into an arena with these people without it, but I suppose I can heal any injury after each bout.

I had thought that the fact my oath is punishment based and not literally unbreakable would be an advantage. Ultimately, it doesn't remove agency. If the need is great enough I can break it and accept the consequences. But in a case like this, not knowing if I'm about to violate an order is a bit tricky.

Everyone here knows the real names of everyone on the team bar Robin. And my surname, but that doesn't really matter. I know who Robin is, and I assume that Wallace does as well, but to be honest I pretty much think of him as Robin at this point. Kon, I think of as Kon first and Superboy a distant second. Is that a secret? He introduces himself as that, but he has a very limited social circle. If he does end up using 'Conner' as his 'Earth name', which one counts? The fact that Superman's name is Kal-El is in the public domain but most people don't know it. Would that count?

I haven't told the others that I know what I know. I suppose the fewer people who know, the better. I probably shouldn't have told Diana, but I got caught up in things and having her feel that she needed to order me to reveal information would probably have produced worse results.

Wallace is now winning twenty two to nothing. To show off to M'gann he's doing it while making a show of not really paying attention. And eating a banana. Kaldur's taking it pretty well, considering.

"Recognised, Superboy, B zero four."

Thank goodness. Practise was supposed to start at one o'clock, but the League had something big on earlier -presumably whatever Superman left to deal with- and Black Canary is a little late.

Superboy materialises in Zeta Tube A. He doesn't look any happier.

M'gann smiles at him. "Hi, Superboy. Are you ready for our training session?"

He stalks through the hockey table, causing the hologram to lose cohesion.

Black Canary and Martian Manhunter emerge from the gloom. Must have come in through the ground entrance. She clears her throat to attract our attention.

"Ready for training everyone?"

"Black Canary! Uncle J'onn!"

Not the shapeshifting telepath not the shapeshifting telepath...

Ah, thought that too loud. M'gann gives me a puzzled look before scurrying forwards to give her uncle a hug. He responds by just standing there, though I may have seen a slight smile. Maybe he doesn't convey emotions in the same way humans do?

"M'gann. I was.. in the neighbourhood, so I though I'd see how you are adjusting."

"A few bumps, but I'm learning."

I'm not sure I could take him in a confined space even with the ring. More importantly, I don't think I'd learn anything from the experience of getting my arse kicked by him without it.

"That's all I can ask."

Where'd Kon go? I turn and see him walking away from the training area. Fiddlesticks. He'll probably enjoy this if he stays. More than I will, that's for certain. With the ring I rate myself pretty highly, effectiveness wise. Without it, I'd struggle against a guard dog. I'm certainly the weakest pugilist here. M'gann isn't much better skill wise, but she can increase her strength and toughness before a fight and get an advantage that way.

Black Canary's noticed him trying to walk off too. "Stick around. Class is in session."

Kon turns back, arms folded across his chest. Truculence mode. Maybe I shouldn't have left him earlier.

Black Canary walks into the centre of the room, and the base's computer creates a circle of light covering most of the floor. The sparring area is a little larger than I was expecting. "I consider it an honor to be your teacher. I'll throw a lot at you, everything I've learned from my own mentors,-" She doffs her jacket. There's a bandage on the middle of the upper part of her left arm. Should I offer to heal that? No, given how nervous I am about this there's no way I could want it enough to heal a potential opponent. "-and my own bruises."

Analysis of what else she's wearing? The choker looks like a bad idea, as does the long loose hair. It doesn't seem to be moving, though. Lots of hair spray or gel? Might be flammable. Her bustier doesn't look armoured. The boots look sensible. The forearm gloves and tights don't. What do these people have against sensible clothing?

M'gann voices concern about her injury. "What happened?"

I think about replying. Something along the lines of 'Her job. Ours too.' but I decide that smart mouthed is not the correct approach.

"The job."

Ah. Maybe I should have, then. Not having to carry injuries is an area where I have a definite advantage.

"Now, combat is about controlling conflict, putting the battle on your terms. You should always be acting, never reacting."

Not sure I agree with that. I'm more concerned about overextending. Letting them come to me gives me more preparation time. But, here to learn.

"I'll need a sparring partner."

By dint of tensing the muscles in my legs I manage to avoid taking a step backwards.

"Right here! Yeh!"

Wallace actually waves. He's still holding the banana. For goodness sake, man.

He walks to where she's standing in the centre of the arena. Standing in front of Black Canary, he finishes his banana. "After this:" He throws the banana peel to the bin at the side of the room. Hmm, wonder if he can pass momentum onto thrown objects, or remove it from them? I know he could in the comics... "Swish! I'll show you my moves."

Ring, tone down my embarrassment. Oh, that's better, thank you. I'm not going to complain about the age difference, but she's our teacher and he and I both know that she's in a relationship with Green Arrow. That is not on.

The 'challenge accepted' expression on Black Canary's face should tell Wallace to get his head in the game, but I'm rapidly coming to the conclusion that that isn't going to happen now, and possibly not ever.

She lunges forward with right fist, he turns it aside with his left. She drops, spins, and sweeps his legs out from under him. He hits the floor hard, and a circle of light appears around him as the computer registers his loss. I'm not sure what the various components of the circle mean, but the 'Kid Flash Status: Fail' is pretty obvious. And true.

"Hurts so good."

I nearly find it in myself to admire his perseverance, but that's only because I'm not having to deal with my embarrassment any more.

"Good block."

Yes, between his ears. Wallace pushes himself into a sitting position, and Black Canary pulls him to his feet.

"But did anyone see what he did wrong?"

I tentatively raise my right hand, with the answer 'he got into close combat with a close combat specialist' on my lips. Robin is more enthusiastic.

"Ooh! He hit on teacher and got served?"

"Dude!"

"Orange Lantern?"

"Sir?"

"What do you think he did wrong?"

"Black Canary. Multiple high level martial arts qualifications. Short ranged sonic attack from the mouth. Since you're primarily a short range melee fighter, his mistake was getting that close to you in the first place."

"Hm. Think you can do better?"

"No sir. But I think I'd fail with more class."

Robin sniggers behind me. Wallace pulls a face as he walks back to the rest of us. As he walks past me to the back of the group I stick out an arm to stop him.

"What?"

"Wallace, I'm going to share with you some wise words which Batman shared with Robin just before the first time he met Wonder Woman."

"O-kay. And they are..?"

"Think clean thoughts, chum." I pat him on the back. He looks a little puzzled, trying to work out whether I'm mocking him or Robin.

Black Canary addresses me again. I just volunteered myself, didn't I? I never learn...

"Is that what Wonder Woman taught you?"

I shrug. "I can fly, move fast, and make attacks from outside a melee specialist's strike range. It just seemed obvious. I'm not strong enough to really spar with Wonder Woman."

"Think you're strong enough to spar with me?"

"I rather think I'm about to find out, sir." I sigh, take a step forward and pull the ring off my finger. Immediately my armour stops glowing.

Black Canary looks puzzled. "You're not planning on wearing your power ring?"

"Wouldn't that rather defeat the object, sir? I mean, if I get that close to someone like you and I have the ring, the first thing I'd do is back away. Only reason I wouldn't would be if it wasn't available. I thought this lesson was about teaching us hand to hand combat?"

I look at the ring sitting in my right hand for a moment, then underarm throw it outside of the arena. I felt bad doing that. Deep breath.

"What if you couldn't back away?"

I frown. "Why wouldn't I be able to back away?"

"Perhaps there was some sort of barrier you couldn't break. Or hostages whose lives would be at risk if you weren't there."

"Then I'd maintain the maximum distance possible. I'm not sure what I'd do about the barrier, but for the hostages I'd try to keep my opponent's attention on me while removing them from the area."

She considers this for a moment, then taps her left foot twice. The arena area shrinks so that rather than being near the middle, we're now both near the edges. "Put your ring back on."

That's, that's, what?

I just stand there for a moment. "Are you sure, sir?"

She loosens her muscles and rolls her neck. "Yes."

"Sir, you understand that that thing isn't on cadet mode or anything. It is a fully functional power ring."

"I've sparred with Lanterns before."

Kid Flash chips in. "What was it you called them? Muscle brains?"

"That's not what I s... Uuuhrr."

I stick out my left hand and want it back. There's a slight jolt as it flies back onto my ring finger. My armour relights. Huh, hadn't noticed that Kon was standing on the other side of the circle.

I've warned her... Right, this is happening. How to go about it? We're about three metres apart. She said that it's always best to act. I need to look like the most passive person ever to step into a ring. I need her to believe that I'll hesitate, that I don't know what I'm doing.

Shouldn't be too hard. Even with the ring, that's pretty much how I feel.

I crouch slightly.

"You're completely sure about this."

She's looking me right in the eyes. I intentionally don't make them orange.

"Yes."

"I'm not... Errr..."

"Not what?"

I stand up straight again. "I'm not going to get in trouble with Green Arrow about this, am I?"

"He knows better than that."

I raise my fists, then lower them. "Look, would you mind if I put a barrier around the fighting area? I'm a bit worried about what happens if I miss you and hit a wall or something."

She exhales, and rolls her eyes. "If it makes you feel better."

I point my left hand out to the side, and extend a barrier construct directly from the ring. She might know that I never do that, but if she thinks about me in terms of what the Greenies do it'll look normal. The barrier forms much more slowly than I am capable of creating it, and once it's in place I leave my left hand sticking out slightly. As if I have to leave it there.

I duck my head down and bring up my fists in a poor imitation of a boxer's pose, left hand forwards. I'm right handed, but with a little luck she'll think about me in terms of a ring-assisted brawler. I bend my legs slightly. I probably look like a complete idiot to my team mates. But... If I can win, their opinion of me will dramatically improve. If I don't, well, then I've only done as badly as Wallace.

"Okay then. Er. Three, t-."

The countdown may have been pushing it, but it did cause her to focus on me, preparing for my charge on 'one'. As I start to say 'two' orange manacles on orange chains extrude at the speed of thought from the barrier directly behind her. One locks around her neck, four more capture her upper and lower legs, two get her upper arms and a larger chain with no clamp wraps itself around her torso. A fraction of a second later she's yanked backwards off her feet and pinned to the barrier. An opaque mask forms around her head, blocking her vision and preventing her from opening her mouth to use her scream. The chains grow, removing her capacity for movement completely. Feedback through the constructs lets me know that she's struggling, but she doesn't have the raw strength to break them and can't get any leverage. Dropping the barrier around the fighting area, I float her over to next to where Kon is standing, rotate her so that her back is facing down, and remove the binding constructs. She drops ten centimetres to the ground with an astonished expression on her face. The computer beeps my victory.

"One."

I'm going to die now, but I got the result I wanted. Kon's smiling again.

There's silence as Black Canary pulls herself up. I'd offer to help, but I haven't moved from my starting position and I'm not sure that I can at the moment. Fear is warring with smugness for dominance in my head. It feels tingly. Everything's a bit unreal.

More so than normal.

A huge view window appears to my left, Batman's face filling it. Oh, thank goodness.

"Batman to the cave."

My team, Mister J'onzz and Black Canary walk to optimal viewing distance of the screen. Trembling slightly, I manage to turn to face it.

"Five hours ago, a new menace attacked Green Arrow and Black Canary."

The head and upper torso of a man appear in the top left of the screen. Pale skin, pointy ears... No, not a man. A robot. That's Amazo. Comic Amazo, not Justice League Unlimited Amazo.

"The attacker was capable of attacking, then duplicating-"

The view pulls back. We see Amazo standing in a ruined street. He looks right, then grabs the oncoming Superman, spins and uses him to batter away Red Tornado and the Flash.

"-the powers and abilities of his opponents. Arrow called in reinforcements-"

Amazo hurls Superman away, then starts blazing away with heat vision.

"-which nearly proved disastrous as our foe gained more and more power with each new combatant."

"Whaaw. One guy with the powers of the entire League?"

Wallace, stop being impressed and start thinking. Can this version of Amazo use multiple powers simultaneously? How mentally sophisticated is it? I know that machines can use the green light, but if it doesn't have its own wants and needs it shouldn't be able to use the orange. On the other hand, if it is mentally sophisticated I can probably assimilate it. Does it gain weaknesses as well as strengths? Not sure trying kryptonite would have been an option...

Oh. I don't know if this Batman has any.

I need to find time to go through the original footage of the fight. See if I can work some of it out for myself. And I need to try to remember what Kid Amazo's name is. If I could get to him before he went off the rails...

"In the end it took eight Leaguers four hours to defeat and dismantle the android."

Four hours? I can't imagine what that sort of fight would have been like. The devastation it would cause... What was Amazo there for? Hang on, where was there? Are we talking about... Where were they from... Star City? I hope this summary gets followed by an actual briefing.

"An android? W-who made it? T. O. Morrow?"

At least someone's thinking. Well done Robin.

"Good guess, Robin. But Red Tornado doesn't think so."

Mister J'onzz answers instead. "The technology bears the signature of.. Professor Ivo."

Something else I haven't bothered researching. Mad scientists. I had... Have? I have a good science GCSE and a reasonable chemistry A-Level, but if these people can do what even other genius leaders-in-their-fields struggle to comprehend it didn't seem worth the time.

Also, I'm going to have to remember not to call him Professor Robotnik. This parallel doesn't even have Sonic the Hedgehog.

"Ivo... But Ivo's dead."

Thanks Kaldur, that's actually a pretty good excuse for me not knowing anything about him. Shouldn't take me long to read at least a summary of the League's file.

Black Canary answers his nonquestion. "So we all thought. Or hoped."

Am I..? Is death a revolving door here? I'm not sure how well that works for me. If it is, then at some point I'm going to have to find out how death interacts with assimilation. Is the existence of an afterlife verifiable?

"To make certain this threat is permanently neutralised we're sending two trucks carrying the android's parts to two separate Star Labs facilities in Boston and New York for immediate evaluation. Every precaution is being taken. We'll have four additional decoy trucks to create confusion in case Ivo -or anyone- tries to recover the remains. You will split into undercover teams to safeguard the two real trucks."

"Yyyyes!" Wallace likes the idea, then. "Road trip."

I check to see how Kon's responding, but he seems to have shifted back into neutral. It's a mission, right?

Kaldur's personal communication computer thing beeps. How advanced does a thing have to be to stop being a communicator and start being a computer? Or am I using outdated terms? Since I have the ring I haven't bothered getting either.

"Coordinates received. On our way."

They turn to leave. I guess we're not getting a full briefing then.

"Sir..s, and have a question, and a request."

Black Canary turns to me. "What is it?"

"May I ask why you haven't simply had me or one of the Greenies fly one of the larger components into space? That way, even if someone recaptured all of the rest, they still can't reactivate the android."

Batman lowers his head slightly. "I considered it, but we have no way of knowing whether or not this will turn out to be an isolated incident. If there are more androids like this one out there, we need STAR Labs working on this as soon as possible."

I nod. Makes sense.

"What is your request?"

"I'd... Like you to unlock the League's files on kryptonite radiation for me."

Black Canary starts, then exchanges a concerned look with Mister J'onzz. Batman appears unfazed. "Why is that?"

"I've been studying Kryptonian physiology, the way their powers work. As far as I've been able to tell with the sources available to me, kryptonite radiation works by disrupting a mechanism intrinsic to those powers. So, if the android has Superman's abilities then it should also have his vulnerabilities. I don't know enough about kryptonite radiation at present to replicate it. If it came to a fight, I'd like to have that option available to me, and it's hardly practical for me to fly to the Rao system to get some."

Batman appears to think about it. "Information on kryptonite is kept highly secure for a reason. If, and only if the android is reactivated, will I consider doing as you ask."

I nod again. Shouldn't be surprised that's a red line, really. "Thank you sir."

I turn, and follow my team mates to the hangar.

Hurry up and wait. That's how it goes, isn't it? Can't say I blame the League for wanting to make sure that everything is set up just right, but three hours in a muddy wood is pushing it. I've read Ivo's summary, and I'm now going into the detail. He was a pioneer in the field of cybernetics, but made his advances through vivisection -including a few homeless people- and brute force trial-and-error integration. The Locus Industrial Group covered up what he'd done, and made it look like he'd made his progress through more acceptable means. He made himself and them a lot of money and a great deal of good publicity... Until Red Tornado was able to infiltrate his lab and show the world how he'd really achieved his results. He escaped just ahead of retribution, and went underground with his money and research.

This was back in the eighties, before the League got together. Since then his work has mostly come to light during the clean up of various other high-tech crime groups. His signature cybernetic interfaces and advanced weapons, as well as more unusual pieces. He also seemed to be collecting other forms of advanced technology for himself, though he wasn't slow to abandon a doomed theft attempt if his own capture looked likely.

The man himself was notoriously difficult to track down. The League finally cornered him on Santo Pietro, a small island off the south coast of Italy. Once the ground team found him they also discovered that he'd imprisoned the inhabitants and replaced them with Human-seeming robots, who attacked to liberate their master once he was caught. His apparent death in the aftermath, combined with the lack of any more recent sightings or technology had led the League to assume that he was permanently out of the picture.

Worth mentioning that all modern cybernetics owe at least a small amount to his work. If Victor Stone ever becomes Cyborg here, it'll be in part because some poor bastard named Casey Williams was strapped to a table and cut apart in the name of science.

I don't really remember him from the comics. I guess the Kid Amazo thing will be a bust, given the man's age. Certainly there's no record of a daughter, and if he had one she'd probably be in her thirties by now, noticeably past the age she was in the Kid Amazo comic. Ah well.

The reaction of my team mates to my victory over Black Canary was perhaps milder than I was expecting. Kon was most happy about it. Not sure if he's happy for a friend or if it's a 'show-the-League-what-we-can-do' thing. He actually put his arm around my shoulder when he congratulated me. Odd really, but until he did that I think he was the only team member who'd never touched me. Kaldur shook my hand when the team first got together, just before Kon and I had to deal with that telepathic flashback nonsense. Still haven't got around to looking into anti-telepath techniques. M'gann in the kitchen before Mister Twister, Robin on top of the mountain afterwards, Wallace on Santa Prisca... Yes. Even when I tried to help him up when we were fighting Mister Twister he just pushed me away.

Robin was briefly amused, but switched to full mission focus almost immediately. His 'genuinely amused' laugh is a lot less creepy than his 'antagonising the bad guys' laugh. A nod from Kaldur, a smile from M'gann... Wallace...

"I still can't believe you did that!"

I rub my brow with my right hand.

"Kid Flash, what exactly is it about my actions which defies your belief?"

We're sitting on motorcycles just behind the trees from the field where the Amazo parts are being loaded. Or rather, will be loaded once we actually get started. After I finished the Ivo summary I had a little ride around. Since failing my driving test practical for the second time -all minors, I should point out- the largest thing I've driven is a quad bike, and I only drove that once. In a desert.

I did tell them that I don't have a driving license.

Doesn't seem that hard, and I suppose it would rather give the game away if the bike glowed orange the whole time. Nevertheless, I've had the ring scan it thoroughly and it tells me that it can take over should the need arise.

"You were just.. just.. standing there -looking stupid, by the way- and then.. just..."

"Looking stupid was part of the plan."

He unisquints. "Really?"

"There was no way I could beat her in a fist fight, so I didn't try. I wanted her to assume that I was hopeless, and to be looking at me when I started my attack. My pose and the countdown achieved that aim."

Kaldur looks over and nods. "She lost sight of your advantages and in doing so let you take control of the situation. She allowed you to engage on terms where you were strong and she was weak."

"Rrrrright... Actually Kid Flash, I was meaning to ask: you didn't seem to be moving particularly fast during your bout-."

"Except straight down!"

"Dude!"

"During your bout, and I rather had the impression that your reflexes were as fast as your movements?"

He shrugs. "Yeah?"

"From your point of view, wouldn't her leg sweep have been really slow?"

He averts his gaze. "I kinda have to be moving a bit for that to work."

Oh. When he was super speed walking from one side of the hockey table to the other I had assumed he was just showing off. Guess it's kind of like Ravager and her adrenaline inhaler? I wonder if there's a way around it.

"Have you tried vibrating on the spot? Or intentionally accelerating part of your body?"

"Vibrating on the spot digs a hole in whatever I'm standing on, and my super speed's pretty much all or nothing. I'm either moving or I'm not."

"The Flash can vibrate parts of his body."

Wallace turns his head towards Robin. "Yeah, well, I can't."

"That was another issue I wanted to raise; you said gained super speed by duplicating Mister Garrick's formula, yes?"

"Well, Uncle Barry might have modified it a bit, but basically, yeah. What about it?"

"I was going through the records, and it seems that the current Flash is faster than both his predecessor and you. I was wondering if you knew why that was?"

He slumps slightly. "Uncle Barry created the formula under controlled conditions. And with better equipment. I mean, Mister Garrick was in a lab, but that was back in the forties. I was using stuff from the attic. Why d'you ask?"

"It seemed to be a sore point with you. I was thinking... Well, I can't promise..."

"What?"

"I was thinking that if I had a good enough scan of yourself and your uncle, I might be able to work out precisely what changes the formula made to your body, and to his. If I could work out the different ways you had both been affected-."

"You might be able to fix the differences! Make me as fast as him?"

I shrug. "It's not impossible. But, like I said, I can't promise. I don't know enough about how it works. I mean, have you tried-?"

Kaldur beeps his bike's communicator.

"They're finishing loading now. Helmets on."

I put my helmet on my head, and activate OrangeVision. When I do, it's as if the helmet has disappeared. My vision is totally unobscured, and the coming dusk is illuminated like clear day. I'll be heading to Manhattan with Robin and Kon. Speaking of Kon, what's he looking at..?

Oh. Of course. Superman.

Kon snaps his head forwards, scowling. Did he make eye contact through the trees? Does Superman's x-ray vision work like in Smallville where it gives him actual x-ray footage, or like in New Adventures where it can peel away layers while leaving the image in full colour? As far as I know Kon can't do that, so maybe he magnified the view between the leaves?

There's a general revving of engines as the others don their helmets, and M'gann shifts to 'Human mode'. Kon and Robin have red bikes, Wallace has a yellow one, Kaldur and M'gann's are blue and mine's orange. Was this painted for me? Has it been sitting in a shed because no one told me motorcycles were being provided? I say motorcycles; mine and M'gann's look more like scooters on steroids. Does learning how to use it represent an efficient use of my time? I'd've said not, but here I am.

Heh. Just realised that I'm wearing my light combat bike gear on an actual bike.

Now, let's see. Ignition button, right. Engine's on. Gears are automatic. It's got gyroscope stabilisers, and they'll definitely be in use. There's a sort of super GPS and some integrated weapons, but they're inferior to what the ring can do and I don't intend to use them. As we prepare to leave I just about stop myself from creating construct stabiliser wheels.

"Star Boston is a go."

"Star Manhattan is go."

The second voice was Green Arrow. Didn't recognise the first. Someone -I assume Batman- gives the signal and the armoured trucks begin to move out. The first three head east towards Boston, then the second three move out west for their journey to New York. Aside from the armour of the trucks -which looked pretty darn thick to me- there are also soldiers of some sort on board. Not sure quite what branch of the military or law enforcement they're from. Maybe I should find out and get Donna a career pamphlet?

Once the trucks get out onto the road, Kon and Robin twist the accelerator and move out, followed by Kaldur, M'gann and Wallace. Taking a deep breath, I gingerly turn the handle.

Woooookay... Okay. Under control. I take a right out of the woodland, and with the road ahead empty apart from my team mates and our charge I increase my acceleration further. Glad I'm doing this in America. I know Jeremy Clarkson goes on about how dull US roads are to drive on but I think long and straight is about my level.

As I leave the starting area I risk a quick look at the assembled League members. I see Green Arrow and The Flash watching us go, while Captain Atom and Red Tornado take flight. Superman crouches slightly as he prepares to launch, but Batman lays a hand on his shoulder to stop him. Wonder Woman's next to them, and she looks like she's saying something? Probably the follow up on the Ivo investigation. I suppose it's still possible that someone is building on his work rather than it actually being him. Not like he can sue for breach of patent.

Standard mission process is... I tap my helmet communicator. The ring is better but there's no harm in following established process. Plus, this requires less mental focus and doesn't drain the ring's power.

"Orange Lantern two eight one four, comms check."

"Robin, reading you five by five."

"Superboy here, I hear you."

"Sergeant Ramones, truck hears you fine."

I experience a moment of confusion as we join the main motorway before remembering yes, Americans drive on the right, we're supposed to be feeding on from this side. A quick review of the route shows me that it will be at least half an hour before the trucks can split up. Really, if they're all going the same way they might as well have just sent one truck. I switch my comm to 'transmit to team only'.

"Robin, I realise that I'm probably trying to teach my gran how to suck eggs here, but we have put tracking devices on the android parts, right?"

"Ch, obviously."

"I mean, one to find, one not to find, one that broadcasts after a certain period of time..."

"Batman's got it covered, Oh El."

I nod, though there's no way he can see me as he's well in front of me.

In other circumstances I might have enjoyed the scenery, but scootering is too new to me for me to take my attention off the road. There's very little traffic around. Doesn't that make us a bit obvious? I remember when Bucky got hold of Captain America's shield after his death. Tony Stark had three armoured cars leave the storage facility by different routes, then sent the car that actually contained the shield a couple of hours later with a single superhero inside.

"Did Batman put decoy robot parts in the other trucks?"

"Eh, wasn't time to make them look realistic enough."

If it turns out we are the decoy, the others will be irate. Makes sense to me, though.

"You know Canary's gunna want a rematch, right?"

Oh, he was saving it up. That is more in character. "I suspected."

"She'll probably use you for every demonstration."

"I doubt that she's that vindictive."

"You punked her in front of the class."

"I'm not a good match up for her."

Kon joins in. "Because you're much more powerful than she is."

Robin dissents. "Taking down stronger guys is part of the gig."

"No no. It's not about power. It's like... I'm at my strongest blocking direct physical attacks, right? And that's what she uses. My constructs can't hold someone as strong as Kon or Wonder Woman, but they can reliably hold baseline Humans, and she is, physically, a baseline Human. Like you and I are. She's agile, but it's easy for me to stop her being able to move."

"Are you saying you think you could take Batman?"

There's an edge to Robin's voice. I'd rather he not try and find out. "Batman beats people in my weight class through careful study and preparation. He can't really research my background without talking to me, because none of it happened on this parallel. I imagine that he's been studying the footage of me, probably knows how I'll respond to different situations better than I do myself, and he's probably working on some sort of anti-Lantern gear or techniques in his spare time, but until that's complete... Yeah, I could probably beat him in a straight fight if he was limited to using his standard equipment."

"Whatever."

There's a break for a few minutes as I focus on driving. Then Kon asks a question. "If you're a bad match up for her, what do you think's a bad match up for you?"

"Telepaths, 'cause they can mess up my ability to use the ring. Tested it with M'gann once and it takes her about eight seconds to reduce my construct strength to the point where I can't even float myself. Maybe... Magic users? Simple attack spells shouldn't be a problem, but I don't know how my constructs interact with the more... Abstract stuff. You're not a particularly good match up in a spar, because I don't really want to hurt you and you're too tough for my gentler approaches to work."

"Last time we sparred, you slammed my head into a wall."

"Big baby, your skull's far tougher than the wall. And I only did that because I couldn't hit you hard enough with constructs alone, or bind you in the way I bound Canary. If I was seriously fighting a Kryptonian, I'd go for sonic energy projection constructs."

"I know I wouldn't wanna get hit by one of those again."

"Attack where your enemy's vulnerable."

And Robin rejoins the conversation. "So aside from telepathy, what else are you vulnerable to?"

"HAHAhahahaha!"

Two of the trucks takes a turning off the motorway, leaving us following the one which we've been told contains the Amazo parts. I suppose us following it isn't that much of a give-away. This is the main route between Gotham and New York after all, and if we've been under observation since we started it wouldn't matter anyway.

"No, vert would just mean object. So, invert means turn the object over."

"You might be right there."

"Okay, my turn: if dislike is the opposite of like, is disaster the opposite of aster? See, instead of things going wrong they go right."

"Might not mean that at all. In The Divine Comedy, Dis is a city in Hell, right? Aster might mean situation, and so a disaster is a situation which would be found in a city in Hell."

"Huh."

"So, going right would be antiaster. No, hand on, that would just mean a non-situation, that doesn't make sense. Shangri La aster? A situation that would be found in paradise?"

"It's a bit long."

"Shanaster?"

"La-aster?"

"That just sounds like you came last and hiccupped."

"Divaster? Like, a divine situation rather than a hellish one?"

"Sort of works."

"Can we please talk about something else?"

Kon's not feeling the shanaster.

"What's wrong?"

"Black Canary."

Aw. Sweet of him. "I'm not really all that worried about it. I'm sure we can trust her to behave in a sensible ma-."

"No, not that."

Kon and Robin are still ahead of me, though not by quite as much. I can't see his face to guess at his mood. I wait for him to carry on. "I just don't see how she's going to be able to teach combat skills to a guy with super strength."

Robin responds. "There's a lot more to combat than how hard you hit someone. Canary learned that the hard way, same as Batman and, well, me."

"Uh, yeah, but he's sort of got a point. If you're training with Batman and you don't dodge fast enough, you get hit, get a bruise. At worst, you might, what, break a bone? That'd put you out for a month. If you're training against someone with super strength and you aren't super tough, you can end up with bits getting ripped off. Wonder Woman was very careful checking that my construct armour could take her attacks before we started sparring."

"Maybe. But there's a whole bunch of other stuff to learn. Like, how to distract people, how to avoid being seen, how to predict what they're gunna do, how to fight groups so they all get in each others' way. Ooh, there's this great thing Batman showed me, where you sorta pick guys off from the edge of the group without getting spotted, and you leave the unconscious guys around and the rest of them find them and get completely panicked, and they've got no idea what to do. Then they either spread out and make taking them down even easier, or huddle up just asking for a gas grenade."

"I'd have trouble working like that due to the bright orange glow. And, you know, you could teach him that. What Kon really wants to get taught is how to fight other super strong people, and that requires different techniques to fighting baseline Humans. Wonder Woman told me that she finds it hard to keep her skills sharp, because there just aren't that many people who she can train with."

"I bet Superman doesn't mind practising with her."

Don't laugh don't laugh don't laugh...

"Not many guys would."

Rob-in!

"Actually, he's one of the few she can practise with. But it doesn't really help."

"Why not?"

"No offence to Superman, but Wonder Woman's been doing this since nineteen forty at least, and she grew up in a society of veteran warriors. He's a bit stronger than she is, but her skill level is quite a lot higher. Heck, she told me that she's spent some time training him."

We ride in silence for a moment.

"You... You said you were going to talk to her. About training me."

"I did."

She didn't tell me not to tell him. Did she assume that I'd assume? I tend to think she'd have told me directly.

"She said that she wanted to talk to Superman about the whole.. you.. thing. Er, in the meantime-"

Don't say Donna don't say Donna

"-Troia said that she wanted to pay us a visit before the next school term starts, and she should be able to give you a basic lesson or two. Not inside the mountain, though."

"Why not?"

"When two super strong people go at it, the surrounding environment really suffers. We live in a cave. If you two start slamming each other through the walls..."

"Oh. Right."

"You got Troia to join the team? Why didn't you tell me!"

"She's not joining, Robin. She's had to put heroing on the back burner this year to concentrate on her final year high school stuff. She might join up later. Hope so, she seemed nice."

"Exactly how much time have you spent with her?"

"We just had dinner that one time." I pause, and play that sentence back to myself. "With Green Lantern and Wonder Woman. They introduced us, to try and make sure she didn't' feel like she was being pushed out or anything. I mean, it's not like there's a rule about only having one student at a time. I'd be perfectly happy to work with her more often."

"I bet you would."

Um, no. "Not like that. Honestly, it's more like-."

Something, then a lot of somethings, fly out of the sweet corn at the side of the road and latch onto the truck ahead of us. OrangeVision shows me... robot monkeys..?

What?

Robot monkeys with jetpacks?

What?

What?

They even make Monkey noises!

I can see about twenty of the little blighters. They're not at all aerodynamic, so I can only assume that they're either very light or have some sort of antigravity system. The first wave fly alongside the truck for a few moments after clearing the maize then swoop in and land on the side, rear and roof.

Okay, so we're being attacked by tiny weak robot-. How the hell do they have plasma cutters mounted in their eyes!?

Battle mode battle mode battle mode where's the button ah!

"Robin, Superboy, Orange Lantern! Our truck is under attack!"

"Orange Lantern to Aqualad, ours too. Robot Monkeys, about twenty of them. You?"

"The same."

"I hate Monkeys."

Kon's voice is filled with loathing. Guess that thing with the Joker hallucination left a bigger impression than I'd realised.

"Robot Monkeys, huhah! Totally Ivo's tweak style."

Looks like Gotham living just makes you jaded after a while. I press the battle mode button, and the screen between the handlebars is overlaid with an orange lantern sigil. Okay, so what happens...

"Hey Superboy, switch to battle mode."

Way ahead of you what the fuck!

The back of the scooter falls off. I yelp, and the ring replaces it with a construct and covers me in armour. Did I just press the wrong button? What sort of idiot puts a 'fall apart' button on a bike!? Okay okay, no time to worry about that now.

"No point."

No shit. How the hell is Robin balancing that? Ring, take over running the bike, grab the nearest Monkey bot and run a standard scan.

Compliance.

An arc of orange flows from my right shoulder and yanks a Monkey from the rear of the truck. It twists around, then tries to reactivate its jetpack. A thought smothers it. It tries its plasma cutter on the construct, but I respond by clamping its head and pointing it at the other Monkeys. Two are sliced in half before it shuts it off. And then I know the scan results. The circuitry doesn't make much sense to me, but the Monkeys aren't being remote controlled. Can't hijack them all, then.

Kon revs his bike and -what the hell?- leaps onto the roof of the truck. I catch his bike before it can hit Robin.

"Kon, a little more care, please."

Daft though that was, he's still mine. An orange arc connects me to him and the armour construct forms around his body. Bolts of red plasma come from somewhere behind me and shoot a couple of Monkeys out of the air. Did Robin buy a gun? Shit, don't tell Batman. Right, got this little guy here, not going to get a better chance to try this.

Ring, assimilate Monkey.

Unable to comply. Target possesses insufficient emotional substance.

Worth knowing. I form construct pliers and settle for decapitating the thing.

Robin's riding around to the front of the swerving van-. It's armoured you moron, swerving won't...

"Orange Lantern to all points. If we're under attack by things that can keep up with the trucks, there isn't much point continuing driving."

...won't help with jet pack Monkeys- and is tasering robots off the front window. While balancing on his bike's one remaining wheel. I thought he was a trapeze artist, not a unicyclist?

Some of the Monkeys have been distracted from their cutting to deal with Kon. I see a green beam hit the armour in front of his eyes, distracting him while others grab on and try to fly him off the roof. Nope. A turret construct takes shape in the air to my right. My charged particle beam projector construct is the most environmentally friendly of the weapons I learned to create while on Titan. Precision purple shots bore neat holes in every Monkey that dare try to take what is mine from me. Kon smashes off the last one himself before returning to the attack. I stop generating the construct the moment he's clear; it was probably overkill, and is a massive power hog.

There are a couple of explosions behind me, but since they're moving away I ignore them. I ride around to the right side of the truck and plier the necks of the four Monkeys trying to cut their way inside. Oh, idea. Rather than leave the remains on the road I grab them and stick them in subspace. Not sure exactly what I'm going to use them for, but those plasma beams looked a bit tasty.

Huh? Oh, four of them are getting clever and trying to lift my scooter. This time I'm more precise, the pliers cutting vital wires while leaving the chassis intact. Dead, dead, dead, dead, subspace. Actually, the scooter isn't really helping at this point. I subspace what's left of it and fly up to the top of the truck.

Kon's pretty much just posing at this point. The Monkeys made a decent start on cutting a hole in the roof, but he destroyed them before they could get inside and grab the Amazo parts. I shove his bike at him.

"You dropped this."

He starts, looks at the bike, then back at me. "Ah... Thanks?"

"Be more careful in future. You could have caused a nasty accident."

He blinks, then looks at the roof of the truck and the Monkey wreckage behind us.

I start laughing before he turns back. He looks puzzled for a moment, then lets out a chuckle of his own.

"Robin, you clear?"

"All done here."

Ring?

No animate Monkey robots remaining in this area.

"Sergeant Ramones, you in one piece?"

"Ah, ah, yeah. Yeah, you know. Hanging in."

"As far as you can tell, is the truck mechanically sound?"

"Seems to be. Lucky they didn't try cutting in through the windshield. Ah, look, I gotta ask: is this a regular thing for you guys?"

"I've only been doing this job a month. This my first bunch of robot Monkeys. Superboy and I had to deal with telepathic illusion Joker-Monkeys one time, but that's the closest I can think of."

Kon flexes his fists. "Some of the Genomorphs were kinda like Monkeys."

"Yeah, I suppose. I wasn't with the team at that point."

Robin chips in. "The Penguin used Penguins with rocket launchers once. They didn't cackle, though."

"Rather you guys than me. I think I'll try and stick to armed robbers in the future."

Robin contacts our team mates. "Hey, Aqualad, the Monkeys are scrap. You about done with yours?"

There's a pause, just long enough for me to start to worry.

Then, Kid Flash responds. "Ah, done? Yeah, I'd say we're done."

Well, that sucks.

The Monkeys got the other set of Amazo parts. Not sure how much danger half an Amazo is, but it would probably cut down the rebuild time by quite a lot. We're driving towards New York while Kaldur decides what to do about the lost shipment. Kon's back to riding his bike behind the truck. Robin's inside plugging his arm computer into one of the more intact ex-Monkeys to gather information. I'm flying overhead. With Ivo clearly knowing where we are there doesn't seem much point in pretending. Plus, some of the left over Monkeys from the attack on the Boston truck might try something. I doubt they'd have the fuel to get here, but I don't know for certain.

The decoy trucks are so far unmolested. I think there may be something black in my lentils.

I just realised something. Professor Ivo used robot Monkeys. So did Ivo Robotnik. I'm rather glad my scan didn't show any animals being wired in as processors, because from what I read this Ivo is probably technically capable of doing that and that would be one freaky thing too many.

"Orange Lantern, would you be able to fly your android pieces to Manhattan faster than the truck can take them there?"

"Iiiiiin theory, yes. But we don't know how the mechanism by which it acquires new abilities works. It hasn't scanned a Lantern yet, and I'm a bit worried about what would happen if it turns out its learning ability is passive."

"Understood."

I haven't risked scanning the Monkeys who took their set of Amazo parts for the same reason. Being back in friendly hands might have caused them to reactivate. Our truck has another three hours of driving to our final destination, assuming we keep going.

Better check power level.

Ring, charge?

Seventy seven percent remaining.

Acceptable. While Kid Flash and I could probably find the Monkeys easily enough based on their last known vector, that would reduce the defences around our truck. Heck, we don't even know for sure that the Monkeys are from the same guy as sent Amazo. Worse, it could be that it was and there's another one waiting for us.

"Maybe we should contact Red Tornado?"

M'gann doesn't sound eager. As when we fought Mister Twister, notifying him certainly seems like the sensible thing to do. But, actually, I don't want to either. Aqualad gives a more reasonable sounding voice to my feelings.

"Tornado always tells us to handle things ourselves, and the mission can still succeed if we recover the missing parts before they reach Professor Ivo. Robin, any progress?"

"It looks like the Amazo parts were designed to give off a signal to attract the Monkeys."

Oh, come on!

"And we didn't know the lumps of killer robot were signalling for pick up because..?"

"It wasn't emitting it earlier! It only started doing it after receiving a signal from the Monkeys first! As far as I can tell, the Monkeys were all around the road just past the place where the other trucks turned off. Looks like they sent out a signal of their own, and only started swarming us once they got a response."

Aqualad asks the key question. "Do you know where they are headed?"

"Assuming they maintain their current heading... Gotham City!"

"That far south? M'gann and I won't get there any time soon."

I have other concerns. "Are the parts in our truck still signalling?"

I hear the noise of Monkey chatter over his line.

"Robin!"

"Not any more." I can feel the smug. "The Monkeys were laughing the whole time because they need to constantly hear the reply from the android parts. No laughing, no signal. Hah!"

Kaldur begins to plan. "Orange Lantern, could you transport Miss Martian and myself to the site of the signal?"

"I haven't actually transported people at full speed before. Should be alright, but I wouldn't want to pancake you because I was wrong. At slower speeds, sure, but how long do we have?"

"Not enough. Superboy, are you able to move cross country to intercept the Monkeys?"

"No problem."

"Robin, send the predicted destination to Superboy and Kid Flash. They can attempt to intercept while M'gann calls in the bioship for us to follow in."

"Wouldn't it be better for me to transport Robin along with them?"

"No. You said yourself: the android has not yet had an opportunity to scan a Lantern. I do not want you near it unless there is no other choice. Besides which, there may be subsequent attacks on your truck. I would rather you were there to defend it."

Damn. He's right, but...

Oh, idea. "Superboy, could you carry Robin safely while you're bounding?"

"Ah, probably."

"Wait a minute-."

"Robin, you're the IT guy. If they're going to be facing down an android, they're going to need you."

Aqualad agrees. "Orange Lantern is correct. I would like you there when Superboy and Kid Flash confront Ivo, and he should be capable of protecting the truck alone long enough for that confrontation to take place."

"Yeah, it's just... Uh. No one takes any pictures."

The truck pulls over and stops, and Kon pulls up next to it and dismounts. Robin exits the truck through the rear hatch, and I float Kon's bike inside, propping it up next to the Amazo parts and the front half of Robin's bike. Kon turns in the direction that should allow him to intercept the Monkeys, and bends to a crouch. Robin walks up behind him and puts his arms around his neck.

I shake my head. "Guys, I don't think that's going to work. Superboy puts out a lot of force when he launches. You won't be able to hold on."

Robin lets go, and sags. "It's not going to have be a bridal carry, is it?"

"Fireman's carry might work, but that would probably be safer."

He points at me. "I'm serious: no pictures."

I raise my hands in surrender, then move my ring hand behind my back. He walks around Kon, and lowers himself gingerly into his arms in the approved manner.

"Okay, I think I'm about-." Kon launches, cutting off Robin's sentence. Since I don't hear him crying out in pain or see him drop off he's probably alright. I close the rear of the truck and walk around to the passenger's side.

"Sergeant. Shall we?"

The truck has no radio, so I've spent my time getting to know the good sergeant a little. Two brothers and a sister, elder brother and sister both working as primary -no, sorry, elementary- school teachers, and younger brother in college. His wife works as a chef and they currently have no children. He was surprised when I was willing to share both my first name and my family situation, but accepted my explanation as to the reason why I could do that with a 'yeah, I hear that can happen'.

"I've been meaning to ask; what part of the military or law enforcement are you actually from?"

"Police, Metropolis Special Crimes Unit."

"Metropolis? Isn't this a bit out of your way?"

"Commissioner Henderson's got some kinda deal with Superman. Guess the League find it useful to know where they can find people trained for this sorta thing. Well, trained as you can get, anyways."

"You seemed a little alarmed by the Monkeys earlier."

"The sorts of supervillain we usually get in Metropolis? If they get that close to you it's all over. I mean, I've seen ray gun eyes before, but those Monkeys were just creepy."

"I don't really have much to compare it to."

"You really don't have stuff like this where you're from?"

"Not even slightly. We could build an armoured van like this, but those Monkeys are at least fifty years more advanced than anything on my Earth. The android? Pfff, I couldn't even begin to guess."

"Must be pretty weird for you."

"Nah, not any more. Total immersion. At this point the shock's worn off, and this is the new normal."

"This ain't normal, pal."

"Is if I don't see anything else."

Have they reached Ivo yet? I don't want to risk scanning them to find out. Shouldn't use the ring to communicate with them for the same reason. Where did I put my regular... Ah, there it is!

"Orange Lantern to Robin. Are you able to give me an update?"

I hear an explosion.

"Little busy right now, Oh El!"

"Access Captain Atom."

The communicator cuts off. I don't recognise the second voice. Didn't sound like the recordings of Ivo I listened to earlier. Access..? No, doesn't ring a bell. Could be Amazo, but we've still got half of his body in the back. I checked. Would Ivo have had spare parts? Probably, but his usual MO during operations was to start heavy and then be ready to evacuate, not hang around in a fully equipped lab.

"They gunna be alright?"

"I.. don't know. If they were getting completely overwhelmed I'm sure they'd call for help."

"Did you see the recordings of what that android did?"

"Yes. Oh, not the whole thing, just highlights of the fight so I'd know what to expect."

"No, I mean-" He risks glancing away from the road for a moment to catch my eye. "-the aftermath. All the damage that thing did."

"Not specifically. Four hours, I know there's going to be a lot of wreckage-."

"Not the buildings. That thing focused on the League as soon as they got there, and they did the best job anyone coulda done. But last I heard? There were thirty confirmed dead and at least a hundred seriously injured. And once they start clearing wreckage, you better believe both those numbers gunna go up. And now The Flash's sidekick and Batman's sidekick and... Superboy? They're gunna try and fight it?"

"Half of it's still in the back. At most, they're fighting its head, shoulders and waist."

"If I had a dollar for every time-."

"Oh El! Guess who just did something totally awesome?"

"Kid Flash. I'm going to guess: Robin."

"J-. Okay, he did kinda awesome, but it was mostly me."

"Please just tell me what happened."

"Well, bad news, Ivo put Amazo back together. Sorta. Good news, since he didn't have all the parts it wasn't anything like as powerful as when the League fought it."

Remember that you don't know what they don't think you know. "Amazo?"

"Yeah, that's what Ivo called his super android. We caught up with them at the train depot. He did the whole 'sending children after me' speech, then we kicked his tin can's can."

"Do you have Ivo?"

"Nah, some of the Monkeys flew him away after Amazo reactivated. Dude, you shoulda seen it; looked like the Terminator with half his skin ripped off."

"What?"

"You know? The Sylvester Stallone film? Or doesn't your world have that?"

"We, we, Stallone? Er, different lead actor."

"Half the parts looked like he got them out a junk yard! Which is where we sent him."

"Are you alright?"

"I'm fine."

"Glad to hear it. How're Robin and Superboy?"

Nothing for a moment.

"Ah, Rob's good. Rob's good. Yeah."

"Kid Flash, I swear to the gods that if you don't give me a straight answer right now I will fly there and take it from your still living brain. What. Happened. To Superboy."

"Jeez, chill, dude. I dunno exactly. He went after Ivo, and it turned out the Amazo thing wasn't quite as down as we thought it was. Once we finished it off Rob tried finding him, but his communicator musta got lost or something."

!Kon Mine!

"Please confirm that the android is completely out of the fight."

"Yeah, I stuck one of Robin's EMP mines right in its brain. It's fried."

Ring, location of Kon-El. Thank you.

"Superboy's at the Gotham City Academy. Ivo and all the remaining Monkeys I can detect are there as well."

"I think Superboy can take some Monkeys."

I summon a view screen. Kon recoils as a glowing beam grazes his arm.

"No, I'm watching him now. Think they've upgraded the eye beams."

"Okay, well... Hey, Rob! How far's Gotham Academy from here? Okay. I can be there in, like, a minute."

"I'll be there in four seconds. Good evening, sergeant."

"I'm not usually one for the 'hands on' approach, but this is too good an opportunity to miss."

I'm directly above the playing field behind the main Gotham Academy building. The seven remaining Monkeys are arranged in a loose circle around Kon, rockets inactive. Ivo's sitting on a nearby picnic table, watching with interest. There's no way seven Monkeys are a threat to him. What am I missing?

One of the Monkeys leans forward, and two beams of red light blast from its eyes and strike Kon in the chest.

"Ggghhhurrrhh!"

Another two join in. His t-shirt burns off and his skin smokes and oh no you fucking don't!

I haven't yet found a safe and reliable way to enhance Kon's Kryptonianness, but my studies have given me an insight into how Kryptonians recharge. And why the red parts of the visible spectrum can be a problem. My photon beam illuminates the area around him to recharge him even as my construct armour materialises around his body. Kon seems surprised for a moment, then looks up at me and grins savagely.

"Ah. And who might you be?"

I lower myself to just above ground level, between Kon and Ivo. "Yes, because helping supervillains is what I'm all about. Superboy, do you want the Monkeys or-."

The first Monkey explodes as he lunges through it, creating a crater which bowls over two more.

"Rightho then." I look directly at Ivo, who cringes and draws a controller of some description. Jam. He presses it once, twice, then throws it aside and starts to run. I don't even bother holding him in place as a ShockCrown construct appears around his head. He freezes, trips, and slams into the ground.

Ring, make sure he doesn't leave.

Compliance.

A window shatters. Turning, I see Kon rip apart the last of the Monkeys. A flash of OrangeVision shows that the window was pulverised by the remains of the second to last Monkey, propelled at great force.

"RAaaaaaggghh!"

"Kon, you injured?"

His face is a picture of frustration and rage, and the remains of his t-shirt have flaked off. He raises his left leg and stomps down hard on one of the larger pieces of Monkey, throwing up a large cloud of dust and creating another depression in the ground.

Their groundskeeper is going to hate us.

Ring, check his health.

Vital signs with acceptable parameters. No significant injuries detected. No harmful microbes or parasites detected.

Right. I land, and walk towards him, removing the armour constructs around us and sending my regular armour to subspace as I go.

"Kon, what's going on?"

"Rrrrruh!" He turns, head down, and stalks away from me, booted feet leaving deep footprints in the soil.

I should probably tell Aqualad and the others what happened.

!Kon needs me!

But I suppose Ivo's not going anywhere. Kon doesn't seem to be walking in a particular direction, so I leave the ground and drift along after him. After a few moments he slows, then stops.

"He thought I was Superman's son."

Ah. I float around to his front. He still won't look at me.

"Urm, strength, toughness, 'S' on the chest. It was a logical deduction."

"He kept going on about it. Comparing us. Saying I wasn't as good as he is."

"Kon, supervillains are arseholes. Talking you down is what they do."

He looks up. "But I'm not, am I?! I'm never going to be able to do the things he can do!"

I'm at a loss. "Maybe not, but Superman style isn't the only way to be a superhero. There's other skills you can-."

"That's what they showed me."

"What who showed you?"

His eyes drop again, and he exhales heavily. "The G-Gnomes. When I was in the tank. They showed me being as strong as Superman. Stronger. Fighting him and winning. And now I'm out, and I can't... They showed me him so many times. And even though they wanted me to hate him, I don't, I just..."

He looks up. The anger is gone now, and he just looks lost.

"He was the only person they showed me who was like me. Even when they made me fight him the whole time, I felt... I dunno, a connection. A similarity. And then I got out and met him, I, I thought..."

"You thought that he'd feel the same way."

He sags. "It was stupid. There's loads of other superheroes around."

I don't think a rational argument is going to work here. I land about a metre in front of him. I don't know what to do. I take a step closer. No response.

I need to know what to do.

!Superboy doesn't need nasty Superman. He needs me!

Another step closer. We're only ten centimetres apart now. I reach out and put my right hand on his left upper arm, next to his shoulder. He moves his head slightly, looking at it.

Then I step forward again and hug him. My left arm goes around the right side of his chest, under his right arm. My head on his right shoulder, my right arm over his left. My hands against his bare skin. Touching him like this, I can feel it as he tenses slightly. I hadn't really thought about it, but now I do I suppose it's quite possible that no one's hugged him before. Maybe I shouldn't have done this? Then I feel him lean into me a little, and his previously loose hands reach up to touch my back. I feel him relax a little. We stand like that for a few moments. I don't know if this is actually helping him, but I hope so.

"Hey! You got Ivo! Nice work g-!" Wallace skids to a halt just past the place where Kon pasted the Monkeys. "Oh. Um. Oh." He's staring. He bends his right arm back, right hand behind his head. "I'll just. I'll just be over here. With Ivo. You just, just carry on. With... Whatever."

He walks backwards, narrowly avoids tripping on a crater and then turns and walks back to the recumbent malign hypercognitive.

Kon takes a half pace back, his hands still touching me. He's actually looking at me as well, and I can see the ghost of a smile.

"Um, thanks. That felt... Nice. We should, we should probably, probably clear up the Monqis, or something."

"Yeah, I hear that term time starts soon."

4th August
01:06 GMT -5

"The Amazo android is in pieces again, safely being analysed at the two separate STAR Labs. Ivo is in custody, and since he originated the tech I would strongly advise that the greatest possible security measures be put in place to ensure that he remains there."

We're standing opposite Batman, Black Canary, Red Tornado, Green Arrow and Martian Manhunter. Kon didn't have a spare t-shirt with him, so I've lent him one of mine. It just about fits; the shoulders and sleeves are a bit tight and he had to roll up the cuffs. Have to see about persuading him to try other clothes.

I returned to my original truck to see Sergeant Ramones safely to Star Manhattan, while the rest of the team dropped a still paralysed Ivo off with Metropolis SCU. They then flew what was left of 'Termanazo' -Robin's choice of description- to STAR Labs in Boston. No further incidents.

Just in case, I avoided using the ring directly on either part of the android.

I'm actually not sure why we didn't just use the bioship in the first place. Maybe the League were concerned about what would happen if Amazo reactivated in a confined environment? Some sort of public relations thing after the fact? Doesn't seem... Politic..? To question it. I know that I'm very junior here and there's probably something I'm not seeing.

Wallace keeps staring at me. Not sure why.

"Making sure the Professor remains in detention will be a League priority."

I'm glad that Black Canary's on top of things. If the police here are anything like in the comics then they're either incompetent or vastly outmatched. I took a few moments to look at the revised dead and injured count from the League's fight with Amazo and I fear the sergeant may have been being optimistic. Does this US have the death penalty? I'm not generally in favour, but I can see strong arguments for it in a place with people like Ivo. One man can do a lot more damage here than was possible back home.

Hm. Wonder if truth compulsion enchantments are used in trials. There must be some level of public awareness of that form of magic just from Diana's lasso. But then, I expected magic schools to be a fairly normal thing and they're virtually unheard of.

Martian Manhunter crosses his arms and narrows his eyes. "But we understand your mission encountered.. other.. complications."

What is he..? Does he mean where Kon went after Ivo? Because that was a reasonable decision if Amazo was down. Should I suggest something else? I'm honestly a little concerned that Ivo knew how to build red sun weapons.

Batman steps forward. "Complications come with the job. Your ability to handle them has impressed the League."

Kon leans back a bit, and crosses his arms. It's... No. Might have been nice if Superman was even slightly interested in him, but apparently that isn't happening. Wonder if Diana's talked to him yet.

"Of course there's no shame in asking for help; that's why the League exists, because there's some problems even we can't handle individually."

Robin responds to what I assume he sees as mollycoddling. "Please. If we needed help we'd never get the chance to ask."

I have no idea what that sentence means.

"Look familiar?"

He holds up an arrow Wallace found while checking the area around Gotham Academy in minute detail while Kon and I stood guard. He was very thorough. Useful, as I wouldn't have known what to scan for. There were a number of wrecked Monqis that Kon says he didn't destroy himself, as well as several arrows like that one.

"You were following us."

One arrow does not a League posse make, but he wouldn't hear it when he aired his theory on the bioship ride back. The arrow has green fletching, but now I've had a chance to scan him the ring tells me that the shaft and the shape of the tip are noticeably different to what Green Arrow uses.

"Babysitting, you still don't trust us!"

Green Arrow steps forward and takes the arrow out of Robin's hand. He examines it closely, while Batman answers the accusation.

"We didn't follow you."

Green Arrow holds up one of his own so Robin can compare them. The head of his is curved, rather than serrated like the ones from the Gotham Academy. I had wondered about that: serrated arrows are designed to be hard to remove from flesh without causing further harm and seemed a bit.. nasty for a clean cut superhero. Robin sees it as the rest of us do.

"And that's not your arrow. But that means-."

Wallace is grinning. "Speedy!"

If it isn't an apple, it must be a banana. How does that make sense? Speedy uses red arrows, this one is green and brown. And I doubt he uses serrated heads either. But if it makes them happy...

"He has our backs."

Kaldur, if you seriously believe that then I've got an underwater bridge I can sell you.

Air displaces, and Wallace has the serrated arrow in his hand. "Souvenir."

Wallace and Robin walk off in the direction of the trophy room. I guess that part of the debrief is done then.

"Sir?" Batman looks at me. I glance in Kon's direction. "The red light weapons which the Monqis attacking Kon were using. Has that sort of thing been used before? Against Superman?"

"No. After you described the process by which it operates I spoke with Captain Atom. He tells me that it would be within his abilities to replicate the spectra necessary to achieve that effect. Possibly, Ivo learned of it from the recordings contained within the android, and redesigned their weapons with that in mind. But you're right, it is a concern, and the League will be on the look out for similar technology in the future. If Ivo learned of it from someone else, we will find them."

"What..? What do you intend to tell the school?"

"The team did a thorough job of cleaning up evidence of anything... Unusual. Sadly, criminal damage is not uncommon in Gotham. It is unlikely this will raise any eyebrows, and it shouldn't delay the start of the new term."

"Thank you sir. If you'll excuse me?"

A tiny nod, and I turn away to walk back to my quarters. Uh, I need sleep. With one thing and another I missed meditation today. Yesterday. Missing one day every so often shouldn't matter and I'm far too tired to maintain the necessary mindset now. No need to charge the ring. None of what I did took all that much power, and I'm not planning anything much first thing tomorrow. First thing today. Second thing.

I haven't even reached my door when I switch to my pyjamas. They're the only clothing I currently own without some orange on them. Blue tartan pattern trousers and a thin grey pullover. Only thing that came with me from home. A pulse of orange cleans me. I actually have to pause for a moment as my tiredness means that my usual revulsion at the prospect of dirt is dampened enough that the process is noticeably slower than normal.

"Paul, do you have a moment."

I turn, not even trying to keep how I feel from my face. "Kaldur, I'm about to fall asleep on my feet. Is this something that can wait at all?"

"I wanted to commend you for your decision to preserve the Monqi specimens intact. It will make reverse engineering them a good deal easier."

"I hate seeing useful things getting broken."

Anything else? Yes, it seems there is.

"M'gann tells me that you do not believe the arrow was fired by Speedy."

"Kaldur, there's a lot of arrows out there. If you want to know whether it was him or not, just phone him and ask. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to bed."

*Episode 06*: Exfiltrator

9th August
09:52 GMT -5

I've now been in a world with superheroes for over a month.

The thought hits me as I leave my room having changed into beach wear. I'm not usually a fan of beach activity, but I have resolved to participate in as many group activities as possible. And who knows, maybe with the higher temperatures and -lets be honest here- nicer beaches than Eastbourne it'll grow on me. With the ring I don't have to worry about sun burn or cuts from small stones.

A world of superheroes is probably the only place in which my wardrobe would go unremarked. Back home I have an eclectic range of garments, bought years ago or -in the case of most of my t-shirts- won as prizes. Never tried to create a theme, and didn't really wear most of it. Here, I'm doing things a bit differently. Aside from a few white shirts everything is grey with orange decoration. As a result, everything goes with everything else and I'm immediately recognisable to anyone who knows me without standing out much to anyone who doesn't.

Currently, I'm wearing dark grey swimming trunks with a partial view of the Orange Lantern Corps sigil to the front of my left hip. I'm carrying a large thick grey towel with a slightly elongated Orange sigil in the centre. For obvious reasons the beach around the Mountain is private, and it's not like the sigil is widely known. I had thought that it might be a problem if anyone saw us on the beach attached to a known Justice League facility, but really the idea of this place remaining secret for any length of time was such a nonsense anyway that I decided not to care.

I've now been in a world with superheroes for over a month. Some things I've adapted to. The costumes no longer stand out as much. I've started getting used to new names for familiar things, and have updated my alternate history knowledge sufficiently that differences there no longer leave me dumbfounded. But the more I've learned, the less other things make sense. The separation of magic from mainstream study is a big one. Tech hoarding is another, and superheroes do it nearly as much as supervillains. I decided that if I wanted to change that, I'd have to prove to the League that I can have good ideas. Before I design an escape resistant supervillain prison on Ganymede, I need something on a smaller scale.

Suggesting appropriate people for League candidacy is one possible avenue, and recommendations for membership of my team another. I've decided to perform background research on people I think might be what the League's looking for, but whom they wouldn't ordinarily consider. Diana already knows that I can break secret identities easily, so that won't come as a shock. She hasn't said anything about that since. I wonder if I should ask?

League membership comes pretty much from word of mouth, which is why most members are American. There aren't any other Amazons in Diana's weight class and few of them would have the inclination to join up anyway. The latter is part of the reason why there aren't any other Atlanteans either, though Kaldur tells me that the opinion among younger Atlanteans is rather different. So; who do I know of that would be a good member?

Accomplished Perfect Physician is the obvious choice. A decent man, powerful enough to stand with the League and not so nationalistic that he'd create discord. Plus, if I remember correctly he's an actual medical doctor, and the League could do with one of those. Since he doesn't know anyone in the League he'd never be recommended through normal channels. Would the Chinese government let him? I think so. I doubt that they really want him in the Great Ten, or the equivalent group if it doesn't exist here. They signed off on the League's UN mandate, and I imagine that they'd like to see someone 'flying the flag'. So, put his name down for background checking if I can confirm that he exists.

Heh. I imagine it'll be a novel experience for the Chinese military: having someone hack them.

I can't think of anyone else. All the other superheroes I can remember well are American. Of those I don't remember well, I think there was an Arab guy who worked with Superman a bit? Might be able to track him down. Fire and Ice of course, but Fire's involvement in Operation Condor puts me off her a bit. No, hang on, she'd have been far too young to have been involved if that happened in this timeline. Uh, this is going to be irritating. I still can't rely on what I think I know.

Anyway. No one else stands out as a good candidate that wouldn't have already come to their attention. I can start investigating him this afternoon, if nothing comes up. As for team members, Zatanna is an obvious auto-include. We could do with a thaumaturgist and her father is a League member. She's a lot younger than I thought she'd be. Still no luck on Timothy Hunter or Rachel Roth. Actually had a go at tracing Ms Roth the hard way. None of the thirty two Rachel Roths in the right age category in the US appeared to match. I've given the ring instructions to make daily scans, but I'm not hopeful.

Once we finally got to speak to the right Abigail Holland I did a quick check. No Tefe. Abigail was understandably nervous about our presence but we eventually persuaded her to speak to Swamp Thing about establishing some sort of working relationship, though if he's anything like in the comics I doubt he'll go for it.

Other names? My first thought are of the younger Captain Cornwall and Red Star. Since the story I remember Cornwall from has him nearly kill his father due to his frustration at the latter's unwillingness to take superheroing seriously he seems like he would be both receptive to an offer and enthusiastic about taking advantage of it. If we can get to him before he reaches the patricide stage. Red Star I don't really know much about, but I think he was a member of the Teen Titans and again, I think his government would probably be okay about releasing him. I've already confirmed that Beryl Hutchinson is active as Squire, but I worry that Knight might fall apart again without her. Maybe? I'm sure that Diana would appreciate seeing some female names on any list I present.

The one person I'd really like to see join us is Amon. If he exists here then he's probably either an infant or in a slave labour camp somewhere. Plus, he won't be empowered unless I sort things out with Teth Adam. I think I'm going to need to retrace the Batsons' last steps to see if I can further clarify his origins. I'd like to help, but I can't afford to take unnecessary chances.

For a moment I actually considered suggesting Teth Adam for League membership. I remember him spending time with the Justice Society in the comics, but it didn't last and I doubt it could work here anyway. Theo's just done too much damage with his stolen powers.

We're meeting in dining area. I think I can just about hear M'gann...

"...doesn't necessarily mean that. Maybe they just do things differently in England?"

I turn the corner and M'gann and Robin are already there. M'gann's wearing a yellow bikini top and yellow shorts, and she has a short red surfboard thing propped up against a work surface. She's also still green. Guess she thinks that the secrecy thing's a non-starter as well. Robin's wearing blue shorts, and has a small white towel around his neck and a ball in his right hand.

"Do what differently in England?"

"Ah-."

M'gann had her back to me. She turns and sees me. Her eyes widen. Do I have something on my face?

"What?"

Robin's smirking.

"Cooking! We were talking about cooking!"

"Oh. Look, I know Britain hasn't had the best reputation for food, but we've come a long way in the last decade or so. I grew up watching cookery programs, and we hardly ever ate take away or prepackaged food at home. Can't promise it's a national trait or anything, but I enjoy cooking."

M'gann's still staring. Is it the trunks? Were they a mistake? I haven't swum regularly for a very long time, but I used to wear them back when I did. Plus, I'm honest enough to admit that I want to show off my ring-engineered body a little. She can't be reacting to that, though. All the guys on the team are as buff as me, or buffer.

Kaldur and Kon approach from the kitchen, carrying picnic baskets. Kon just registers my presence, but Kaldur stares a little too. What is it?

"Um. I don't think I've seen you without-." M'gann's eyes flick over me, and she gulps. "Without your ring on."

"Oh, you still haven't. I'm wearing it now."

The whole team stares. Then, as one, their gaze drifts down towards my trunks.

"MY TOE! On my TOE!" I raise my left foot and point to it on my enringed long toe. "Minds out the gutter, people."

9th August
18:31 GMT -5

Batman, Red Tornado, Green Arrow stand with our newest recruit, waiting for us to respond to her presence. I wait for one of the others to say something. Kaldur, really. Nothing. Rolling my eyes, I step forward with my left hand extended.

"Orange Lantern two eight one four. Pleased to meet you, Artemis."

She seems a little surprised. A small smile and... Is that a blush? Hard to tell with that face mask thing. Not a bad effort, as masks go.

"Ah. Likewise." She takes my hand lightly, holds it for a moment and then releases. Not big on skin contact?

"Seems it falls to me to introduce the rest of the squad. You'll have to forgive them, they're a bit shy."

Another eye roll from me for her to see. I don't know exactly what Batman and Green Arrow were thinking, dropping her on us like this with no warning. Come to think of it, I don't know why they didn't give the first four warning about M'gann or myself.

I turn, and gesture to my team mates in turn. "Superboy, Miss Martian, Aqualad and Robin. Real names are extended on a case by case basis. Mine's on this card."

One appears and I hand it to her. She looks at it and raises an eyebrow. "Isn't this supposed to have your cell on it?"

The large areas of her face showing do rather ruin the otherwise sensible idea behind her mask.

"It's not a business card. I am physically incapable of saying my own name." I shake my head. "Don't ask why, I have no idea."

Kaldur finally gets his act together and extends his right hand. "Artemis, welcome to the team. My name is Kaldur'ahm."

She takes his hand with a nod, and the others step forwards to greet her. This whole thing brings to mind a group of dogs sniffing the posterior of a new member while the Human owners look on to make sure things don't turn nasty. I think I'd be a Collie...

"So are we getting a mission out of this?"

I think Robin would be something small and yappy. A Chihuahua, possibly. My Gran used to have one. Ancient thing, name of Fang. Blame my great uncle.

Red Tornado and Green Arrow look to Batman. "Yes. The briefing will be held once Speedy arrives."

Robin and Kaldur share a look. Kaldur speaks first. "Will Speedy be joining the team as well?"

Green Arrow winces slightly, but Batman answers. "He has been given that option, but so far has chosen not to make use of it."

"Yeah, said he wanted to go solo for a while."

Green Arrow isn't making eye contact as he says it. Looks like they had a bit of a falling out over the whole 'junior team' thing.

I don't remember Artemis from the comics at all. Not this Artemis anyway. I think that alien queen Booster Gold ran into was called Artemis, and there was almost certainly an Amazon by that name. I also don't remember anything about Green Arrow having a niece. A son, yes, and a couple of wards. No other family. Maybe Artemis is this parallel's version of Conner Hawke? Or Mia Harper? I haven't bothered putting either of them on my mental list of possibles due to me not really getting the whole.. bow thing.

It's a bent stick that fires pointy sticks. Even for trick arrow stuff, guns are just better.

Wait. Is he lying about the niece thing? Oh, yes, yes he is. Hm.

"Did he say when he was getting here?" I point towards the kitchen with my right thumb. "I ask because I'd started dinner. Wanna know if I've got time to finish..."

Green Arrow shrugs. "Roy said he'd get here at eight. He's usually pretty punctual."

I look at Batman. "Sir? Do you need me for anything in the meantime?"

He considers for a moment. "No." He turns to the rest of the team. "Reconvene at nineteen fifty. Aqualad, a moment."

Hm. Not sure what that's about. Team leader probably needs to know stuff about the newest member. With whom we've done no training at all.

My medium armour is replaced by my civilian clothing and Orange Corps apron (legend: You Know You Want This), and I walk towards the kitchen. Robin looks like he wants to hang around and wait for Wallace to turn up. Turns out that American school holidays can finish a lot earlier than they do in Britain, and he had to miss our time on the beach. A shame; I enjoyed it more than I was expecting and it would have made for a better team bonding exercise if he was present.

I suppose the rest will be starting back soon as well. I hope Kon agrees to attend. It would do him good, and I'm sure M'gann would appreciate having someone to keep her company. Means that I'll be rattling around here with Kaldur. Haven't had a really good personal conversation with him yet. I've read his file of course, but it would be nice to get to know him as a per-.

"What're you making?"

Oh. Artemis followed me.

"Chilli. I'd appreciate your input, actually. I know that chilli is a big deal in Green Arrow's family."

Maybe cruel, but she needs to learn that good cover stories don't just happen.

"Oh. Uh, of course."

I have two large frying pans full of beef mince on the hobs. I think of them as 'team' and 'Wallace'. I turn them back on and float up my notebooks while I wait for them to get back up to temperature. They're black covered, with orange bindings and an orange sigil front and back. One for League stuff, one for team stuff and the third...

The third is for my Corps.

I know I lack the skills that will be required to run it. Having seen the way the Guardians treat the Greenies I'd like a structure where authority is more in the hands of Corps officers. Since I can't be sure exactly who is available until I can get out into the wider galaxy I can't get too attached to a particular choice, but I've got a few names so far.

Since Starfire isn't on Earth, she is most likely still a prisoner of the Psions. The same may be true of her sister Blackfire as well. If Starfire is as she was in the comics then she'd make an excellent recruit. Her sister might as well, depending on the exact circumstances of their detention. I seem to remember that she was partially to blame for it? Not sure. Tamaranians seemed to get made into the galaxy's chew toy for a while, and I'd like to prevent that.

Though I wasn't specifically thinking of her at the time, Soranik Natu is the perfect example of someone who might use a ring for medical purposes and never get into a fight. How much she can actually get away with living like that will depend on the political and social situation on Korugar at this point in time, but I'd wish her all the best.

Who could actually handle running it? Who do I want for Clarissi? One name stands out, but will he be available?

The fat and oil in the pans starts to sizzle. I form a spatula and move it around a little. Time to haze the new girl.

"What sort of chilli powder do you think is most appropriate? We've got a couple of different types but it's all one to me."

It is fast becoming apparent that Artemis knows nothing about chilli. Asking whether or not I should add vinegar got an uncertain affirmative. Asking what type resulted in her looking wide eyed at the three types proffered before picking 'the brown one'. I say that I heard that the Arrows like it hot, she responds by telling me to use the whole jar of chilli powder, plus a generous measure of Tabasco sauce. I had to suggest that the rest of us don't have their tolerances in order to stop the whole thing getting ruined. Maybe she's more worried about the whole 'niece' thing than I thought she would be? Am I being a bit mean about this? Might be easier to just scan her background, but I really don't want to keep doing that sort of thing. Didn't J'onn J'onzz nearly get kicked off the nascent Justice League for doing exactly that?

Finally got the mince, onions, tomato and spice transferred into the large saucepan, and now it's on to simmer. I'm currently sitting in the air while jotting things down in the notebooks. The man I want as Clarissi is Vril Dox. Managing the Corps would be a trivial task for a man of his intellect, and his desire to create interstellar security will most likely make him a capable ring user in his own right. Legion, the Darkstars and my Corps as part of the same organisation? Suddenly the job starts to actually look possible. Depending on what point in his personal timeline this is, getting him will either be trivially easy or very hard. If he's-.

"What are you doing?"

"Planning."

"What are you planning?"

Her tone makes it clear that the unspoken word at the end of that sentence was 'ass'.

"Theft, brigandage, torture, the subjugation of all free peoples, and puppy golf."

Nonplussed. "Puppy... Golf?"

I put my feet back on the floor, look up, put my fists together and pull them back behind my shoulder. "It's like normal golf, only instead of a ball you-."

"I get it! I get it!"

I move my arms as if swinging a golf club. "Ruff!"

She grimaces. "You're disgusting."

"I try." I give her a smile. "I'm trying to plan -among other things- the future structure of my Corps. The sort of people I want in it, how I'll persuade them to sign up. That sort of thing."

"Wait. You can just give out power rings?"

"Noooooooott yet. That's something else I'm working on."

One of the things the ring actually does have instructions on is how to make more rings. At the most intense level of desire I could generate under test conditions the ring tells me that it would take me five months continuous effort to forge one. At my actual peak output it would be more like a week, but there's no way I could sustain that. Think I'll put that on the back burner.

"Ah! But I'm being rude. How long have you been involved in vigilantism? I mean, if it's a family thing-."

Her eyes narrow. "You know." She turns away from me and clenches her fists. "Damn it!"

"You didn't put much effort into the cover story. If it helps, I don't actually care that you're not his niece. I'm not related to anyone around here either."

"What gave me away!?"

"Green Arrow's an only child and unmarried. Of all of the relations he might refer to as 'niece' to keep things simple, none of them are half South-East Asian."

I've actually got a fairly good idea which country, province and ethnic group that parent was from, but no need to completely freak her out.

And now she's right in my face. "Have you been spying on us!?"

Remember the cover story. "You, no. Him, yes. You got a ring scan when I wanted to check whether or not you were actually his niece. He got a thorough scanning when I first came to this planet and tried to work out what the hell was going on with the weird costumes."

Anger and confusion, now.

"You're an alien?"

"Ah, no. Parallel universe. With no superheroes. Point is, I was in a strange place without any backup, and I wanted as much information as I could get to keep myself safe."

She backs up a little. "Oh." She's looking to the side. Did I get away with it? "I guess that makes sense."

"Look, I don't know what your real name is, and I don't intend to use the ring to find out. I no longer feel the need to do that sort of thing. I know I can depend on everyone on the team, and they know they can depend on me. That's kind of what brought me and Superboy closer together."

"Ah..."

Now she's gone back to uncertain. Oh, right.

"You probably saw us fighting Professor Ivo's Monqis, right? You were at the school?"

"Um, yeah. I saw you both, y'know, together."

"You should have said something at the time."

"I... I didn't want to interrupt."

"We're professionals. The job takes precedence. And it might have been nice to get a little warning that you were going to be joining us."

"Batman and Green Arrow only came to talk to me after that. I'd been.. doing stuff.. since the end of July. Stopping robberies, stuff like that."

"I got the ring at the beginning of July. Waking up in orbit is not a fun way to start a day. But, you must've been in training for a long time to use a bow for something like that."

Wariness, this time. Surrender gesture with my hands.

"If you don't want to talk about it, that's fine."

Looks like she doesn't.

"You really woke up in orbit?"

"Ermmm... Sort of? In space between the Earth and the Moon. I'm not sure I was actually orbiting."

She frowns. "So... Does your universe have Orange Lanterns rather than Green ones?"

"If we do, none have come to our Earth at any point in recorded history. I'm fairly sure that the orange ring I wear came from this parallel."

"How does that work?"

"I've no idea. If you find out, let me know. I'd quite like to tell my parents where I am."

Green Arrow said that my chilli was 'okay'.

I can now die happy.

He said that he usually serves it with crackers rather than rice. I've only really seen crackers eaten with cheese as the last part of a meal or as a snack. It would never have occurred to me to eat them with chilli. He also made significant use of the Tabasco sauce I offered him as a condiment. I think his super power must be heat resistance. I could probably have equalled him with my ring-granted resilience, but why bother? Food shouldn't be an endurance contest.

Aqualad turned up when I started slicing peppers to give Artemis a tour of the facility. I suggested that she claim a bedroom now to avoid disappointment later. Red Tornado sort of sat in for dinner, but Batman said that he wasn't hungry. Everyone else was, and I like to think that eating together brought us closer together. Wallace actually ended up missing dinner. I was a little surprised by that. I don't think American schools finish all that much later in the day than British ones. Maybe he got loaded with homework? Doesn't matter all that much. No matter how pained the idea made Green Arrow look chilli freezes perfectly well.

Now we're waiting for Red Arrow to arrive with our briefing. Hope Wallace gets here as well; he'll be annoyed if he misses it. Robin tried the comm link a few minutes ago and apparently he's on his way.

"Do'ya know what Speedy's been up to lately? We've sorta been out of touch."

I think that's the first thing Robin's actually said to Artemis. He isn't happy about the whole 'replacement archer' thing. I'm trying to work out if I should suggest getting a better weapon, maybe a nice coil gun or something? I might be able to build one that can fire the specialist tips DC archers like so much.

Not a boxing glove arrow, obviously. I have standards.

Artemis' cover story is still paper thin. Obviously she would have met Speedy if she were actually Green Arrow's niece, and she clearly hasn't.

"Um, yeah, I've seen-."

"Recognised, Kid Flash, Bee zero three."

The zeta tube glows with white light and... Oh my...

Wallace has prepared for the beach. Robin did try and tell him there was a mission in the works, but it looks like it didn't get through.

"The Wall-man is here!"

He has a sunshade, a picnic basket, some sort of music player, a beach ball, two other bags and he's wearing swimming shorts. Maybe trunks really are that unusual here?

"Now lets get this part-ay star-." He hurries forwards and trips on the sunshade's support pole. I catch him, remove some of his encumbrance and stack it to the side before propping him back up. "Uh, thanks."

"Wall-man, huh? Ha, love the uniform." Is it really a uniform if it's not uniform? At least I have the excuse that other Corps members genuinely do dress like me. Inasmuch as they dress. "What exactly are your powers?"

I think I'm getting to like Artemis.

Wallace just looks blankly at her. "Uh, who's this?"

"Artemis, your new team mate."

"Kid Flash, never heard of you."

Green Arrow steps forward and places his right hand on her shoulder. "Urp, she's my new protege."

"W-w-what happened to your old one?"

"Recognised, Speedy, B zero seven."

Everyone turns their attention to the zeta tube.

His clothes are black, except for the red 'shoot me' sign on his upper chest. He's wearing some sort of straps around his waist and shoulders. There's a red bow over his right shoulder, and a black quiver full of red arrows. Short orange hair and the de rigueur pointless tiny mask. Looks like he's actually thought about what it makes sense to wear, but was too concerned about the mockery of his peers to go full unretard.

"Well for starters he doesn't go by Speedy anymore." Red Arrow it is then. Makes sense to me. "Call me Red Arrow."

Ah, should have made a bet with someone.

Green Arrow is first to respond. He sounds... Concerned? "Roy. You look-."

"Replaceable."

"It's not like that. You told me you were going solo."

"So why waste time finding a sub?"

Maybe no one at all thought the cover story through properly?

"Can she even use that bow?"

Artemis steps up to him. "Yes, she can."

Wallace gets back to what he considered to be the most important question. "Who are you?"

"She's my niece." / "I'm his niece."

Red Arrow's going to know that's nonsense, isn't he? He doesn't say anything. I'm going to assume that someone who's been around superheroes as long as he has knows when not to argue someone's identity.

Kaldur steps forward to reassure his friend. "She's not your replacement. We've always wanted you on the team, and we have no quota on archers."

"And if we did, you know who we'd pick."

Wallace, we're going to have to work with this woman. Was that really necessary?

Huh, with Robin, Wallace and Kaldur moving towards their friend M'gann, Kon and I have sort of been shuffled to the back. I don't think any of us have actually met him before. No, hang on, Kon went with them the morning we fought Mister Twister. Maybe he just didn't make a good impression?

"Whatever, Baywatch. I'm here to stay."

She took that better than I was expecting.

Red Arrow takes a step towards his friends, and Kaldur tries to bring us to the point. "You came to us for a reason."

"Yeah, a reason called Doctor Serling Roquette."

Never heard of him. I did actually checked the mad scientist files after the thing with Ivo too, so he can't be an existing supervillain.

Robin looks at his arm computer. "Nano-robotics genius-" Screens appear in mid air with parts of-. Her biography, and a current photo. I am so glad Diana wasn't listening to what I was thinking a second ago. 'So, you think that women don't belong in science, Orange Lantern?' Her eyebrow would be raised so far... "-and claytronics expert at the Royal University in Star City."

Royal? I think not.

"Vanished two weeks ago."

"Abducted two weeks ago. By the League of Shadows."

Wasn't that what Batman Begins renamed the League of Assassins? If we're going up against a bunch of people with swords, this is going to be the shortest mission ever.

"Whaw! You want us to rescue her from the Shadows?" Robin likes the idea. None of these people will have heard of Cliff Richard, so there's no point trying to make a joke of it. "Hardcore!"

Wallace fist bumps Robin. Seems he likes the idea too. Not sure what's so exciting. Frankly, I've read up on them and I'm fairly confident that I could take down a cell single-handedly. The only reason I haven't suggested this to anyone is that the cells are darn hard to find. If we already know where they are, this actually will be the shortest mission ever.

"I already rescued her."

Ring, has he filed a mission report? No, that would have been a bit much to hope for.

Red Arrow walks over to the display. A new screen with technical schematics pops up. "Only one problem. The Shadows had already coerced her into creating a weapon."

Ring, take a copy of all this stuff. It might be useful later.

Compliance.

"Doc calls it 'the fog'."

No no no! Not nanotech! Not the blooming code word for nonsense techno magic! It could do anything here! The only thing I remember about how it's supposed to work back home is that it's supposed to be bad at dealing with heat. And I learned that from a Deus Ex discussion thread. And I haven't practised a maser cannon construct! "Comprised of millions of microscopic robots. Nanotech Infiltrators, capable of disintegrating anything in their path. Concrete. Steel. Flesh. Bone."

One of the pictures is a slightly insect looking robot. How is that going to fly in a controlled manner? Would my shield block a nanoswarm? It should, it isn't made of matter and it's only porous to the things I want it to be porous to. Just have to remember to cover the ground and I should be safe.

"But its true purpose isn't mere destruction; it's theft. The Infiltrators eat and store raw data from any computer system-" We are now in comic book technology territory. Abandon the scientific method all ye who enter here. "-and deliver the stolen intel to the Shadows. Providing them access to weapons, strategic defense, cutting edge science and tech."

So, not guys with swords.

"Perfect for extortion, manipulation, power broking... Yeah, sounds like the Shadows." The tone suggests that Artemis isn't impressed. Or maybe she thought the last bit was kind of obvious...

Hang on. I can do all of that.

...

It would actually be easier for me to take that data with the ring than it is for the nano fog stuff to get it.

I could get it right now.

...

I don't think I'll mention that to anyone.

"Like you know anything about the Shadows."

Wallace has decided not to let the perceived slight against Red Arrow of Artemis' existence go unmentioned. Is this going to become a regular thing? I mean, there's plenty of information about the Shadows in the League database and I suspect that Batman's given her access to the same sort of partial version that I got before the team started.

Artemis smiles, not at him, but he can see it from where he's standing.

"Who are you!"

Does he think that she isn't famous enough to be here or something? Red Arrow ignores him and carries on with the briefing.

"Roquette's working on a virus to render the fog inert."

Robin tenses. "But if the Shadows know she can do that..."

"They'll target her. Right now, she's off the grid." An image of a large building appears on the screen. There's a red dot, presumably marking the location of the Doctor. "I stashed her at the local High School's computer lab."

Green Arrow is concerned. "You left her alone?"

"She's safe enough for now."

Ring, check that, would you?

I blink heavily and I get an image not only of the Doctor and the lab, but also of every weapon within two hundred metres. She's fine, but the school really needs to do a locker search...

"Then let's you and I keep her that way." Green Arrow walks towards Red Arrow, hands down by his side, tone friendly. Superman, take some fucking notes.

"You and I? Don't you want to take your new protege?"

Green Arrow goes to take another step, but Batman puts a hand on his shoulder. He pauses, and reconsiders.

"You brought this to the team." He gestures in our general direction. "It's their mission, which means it's hers now too."

"Sshh. Then my job's done."

He walks past us, straight to the zeta tube. We watch him go.

"Recognised, Speedy-."

"That's Red Arrow." He looks at the ground, apparently frustrated at the need to define himself in terms of us. "Bee zero seven. Update."

THAT'S HOW YOU DO IT!

The zeta tube activates, and he's gone in a glow of white.

9th August
21:51 GMT -5

"That's how nanotech is supposed to work where I'm from."

Artemis and I are walking down a dark locker-filled hallway. Doctor Roquette was getting a wee bit testy at me asking questions about her Infiltrators, so I took the hint and went for a patrol. I asked Artemis to come along because I need to get to know her better in order to properly assist her with the ring, and because putting her in the same room as Wallace for a prolonged period seemed like a bad idea.

"And I thought scientists were supposed to like talking about their specialist subject."

We're not really patrolling to find Shadow Assassins, or whatever they're called. I've instructed the ring to notify me of any weapons breaching the perimeter, and frankly it'll do a much better job than any number of eyes. Unless... What was his name? That shadow guy the Hawks fought? Blinth, or something? Don't really remember, and I haven't seen him in the files. Could turn himself into an actual shadow. Not completely sure I'd pick him up.

"Not when they're trying to concentrate."

Kaldur, Robin and Wallace are in with the Doctor. M'gann's on the roof. Kon's on patrol somewhere... Oh, the roof as well? Alright.

I stop walking when we get to the locker I was looking for. I turn towards it, and set the ring to the task of opening it nicely. Artemis stops as well, and puts her right hand on her hip.

"Are you robbing a locker?"

"Technically, yes." The door comes open and I float out a small selection of knives. I take hold of one with a blood flow groove running down the side and hold it out to her. "Think these can go and live on the Headmaster's desk. With a note of the locker number."

She frowns. "How did you know they were there?"

I close the locker door and relock it. I realise that America is a bit more relaxed about weaponry than Britain, but I doubt that even their relaxed uniform policies allow for knives of this sort.

"Scanned the whole place for weapons, just in case."

"Really?"

"Yep." My eyes flash orange. "There's a couple of flick knives and a flare gun over in the western corridor, but I think we can-."

**Miss Martian, link us up.** If we're not linked, how am I hearing that? Maybe because M'gann's hearing it? Maybe Kaldur's been practising with her? Despite their earlier moaning, the others have got the hang of telepathic communication quickly enough. **We do not want the Shadows intercepting our comm.**

M'gann tests the network. **Everyone online?**

Artemis winces, and rubs her head with her right hand. **Auwa. This is weird.** For some reason she's staring at her right hand.

**And distracting.** Why did M'gann add the Doctor to the network? **Coding a distributed algorithm virus on a kiddie computer with less RAM than a wristwatch is hard enough. Now I have to hear teen-think in my skull?**

Kid Flash fails to de-escalate. **Lady, do you always complain when someone tries to help you?**

I need to stop him. **Orange Lantern to Miss Martian and Aqualad. I don't see any point in intruding in the good Doctor's valuable headspace.**

Kaldur agrees. **Miss Martian, are you able to exclude Doctor Roquette from the link?**

**Sure. Just a moment... There, that aughta do it.**

There's a momentary pause.

**Doctor Roquette confirms that she can no longer hear us.**

**Good to know. Orange Lantern and Artemis resuming patrol.**

I mapped the place earlier. The Head Master's... No, hang on, the Principal's office is two corridors and a flight of stairs away. Can't think the title without thinking of Princeps. Not sure if anyone would hear the difference with the ring translating.

**What are we actually looking for, anyway?**

"Nothing really. If the Shadows knew where we were, they'd have acted already. It's more to stop us dozing off than anything else."

**You're supposed to be looking for the Shadows, remember? I'm sure Red Arrow would have been happy to explain, if you hadn't driven him off the team.**

Not again...

Rage flashes over her face and she thrusts her head in Wallace's approximate direction.

**That's so not on me.**

**Kid Flash, please try to remain professional while we're on duty.**

**She started it.**

**Not the point.**

I don't hear anything else from him. I wait until Artemis' attention returns to our environment, then start walking again.

"You can just speak out loud, you know. If you want to talk to just me, rather than the whole team."

**I'm having... Uh...** She holds the heel of her right palm against her forehead. "Don't you have trouble keeping, y'know, keeping it separate?"

"No, not really. According to M'gann I have an unusually open mind."

She skips a step. **M'gann?**

**Yes? What is it?**

**No, uh, was.. talking to Orange Lantern. Never mind.**

"She and I spent some time practising telepathic communication. Seemed like a good idea, given how much we rely on it."

"Yeah, I can see what you-."

**Aqualad to team. I have asked Doctor Roquette to begin tracking the Infiltrator swarm. This will mean that the Shadows will be able to use the signal to track our location. Please remain on high alert, and report anything suspicious before investigating.**

I catch Artemis' eye. She nods.

**Orange Lantern and Artemis, message received and understood.**

**Superboy, got it.**

**Miss Martian, I'm ready.**

We reach an intersection and I stop. Making an opening gesture with my arms, I bring to life screens covering the surrounding area. Artemis seems a little taken aback.

"Whaw. Can you watch everything from here?"

"Nnnnn. Tried watching everything once, gave me a massive headache. The ring detects potential threats and draws my attention to them."

One screen is following a cat. I like cats, but it wouldn't be right, keeping one in the mountain. I instruct the screen to look for something dangerous instead, and it turns out that cat is the fifth most dangerous thing near the perimeter. Huh.

**Orange Lantern to team. Monitors are live, no sign of trouble so far. I will report every five minutes.**

Artemis walks up to the screen showing the front entrance, where M'gann has just been joined by Kon, who drops down from the roof. Artemis looks at him for a moment, then turns to me, left arm across her chest, right elbow on her left hand and her right index finger tapping her chin.

"So, you and Superboy, huh?"

"Superboy and I what?"

Nothing of note on the screens. The most notable weapon is a shotgun in the boot of a car about eighty metres from the front entrance. Is that good practice? I don't think that's good practice.

"The two of you seemed pre-tty friendly, when I saw you in Gotham."

"Yes, we're good friends. Four of us live in the mountain full time, and he, M'gann and I have spent a lot of time together this last month."

"But, the two of you, y'know-."

**Miss Martian, Doctor Roquette has located the fog. Reconfigure the bioship so Robin and Superboy can pursue.**

The bioship drops down into the field of view of the screen covering the front lawn, hovering just off the ground. Robin leaves the building, and he and Superboy jog over and board it. Superboy's actually more proficient at flying the bioship than I am now. Maybe because he has fewer preconceptions about how flying is supposed to work? Or maybe the bioship flies more like Kryptonians fly? Not sure.

The screen covering the front entrance shows M'gann walking back inside the school, while the one covering the lawn homes in on a bush... Oh. Hah! They actually are sending guys with swords!

**Ladies and gentlemen, we have a ninja on the front lawn. Weird mask, couple of bladed weapons. Ooh, a pistol bow. Haven't seen one of those before.** I move the screen out a little, giving me a better view. M'gann freezes on the front steps. **Don't stop. Either keep walking, or attack immediately.** She lowers her head slightly, and walks up to the doors. **Ah, cheeky devil's going for the fence on your right.**

M'gann surges into the air, hands outstretched in the directions of the first Shadow, who had been executing a rather elegant leap over the perimeter fence. The Shadow -wearing what appears to be a tunic and thigh boots- is suspended upside down in mid-jump, facing away from the school. Nice to know it isn't just the heroes whose ability to dress themselves sensibly gets stolen away. Ah, the first Shadow is a woman. I seem to remember that Ra's was somewhat patriarchal. Female Ubu's certainly weren't allowed to fight until... Nyssia? Talia's sister, whatshername, took over. Am I misremembering that, or is it just different here?

M'gann flies over to the would-be attacker, and I hear Kaldur give warning just before I do. **M'gann, do not get too close.**

M'gann lowers her so that the fence is between them. That won't be much of an obstacle if she turns out to be one of those ridiculously able comic book fighters. Not sure exactly how resilient M'gann is, and I really don't want to find out the hard way. In training, we found that while M'gann can hold many objects at once with telekinesis she can only maintain a really strong force in one place. She says it's just a matter of training and experience, but she could end up in serious trouble if she misjudges this.

**"Well, this is embarrassing."**

I don't recognise the voice. Female. Wait. I think I'm hearing the assassin. We've shared visual images before, but this is new. Interesting.

**Aqualad to Miss Martian. Try to find out who else the Shadows are sending. Orange Lantern, are you detecting any other Shadows?**

**Not at present.**

**Miss Em, if you need backup I can be down there is a sec.**

M'gann pulls her hand back, yanking the Shadow against the wire of the fence. **I think I can manage.**

**"You're the Martian, right? Guess I need to think quieter."**

**"Who else are the League of Shadows sending?"**

Think we need to work on interrogation technique during our next lesson.

**"I have no idea what you're talking about. I was just coming here to use the gym."**

**"R-iiiight."**

**"The middle of the night's the only time I can use it without a bunch of guys staring at my ass the whole time. Kinda flattering at first, but it got old really fast."**

I hear a burst of music.

**Can't get anything from her mind. She keeps thinking of this song.**

How to get around that? **You could try breaking her concentration.**

**I don't really want to hurt her if she isn't fighting back.**

**Can you get any information past the song that you could use to surprise her?**

I almost don't see it. The Shadow's arms move slightly, and something... somethings fly towards M'gann. She jerks back in the air and brings them to a stop mere centimetres from her face. Are those shurikens? Wait, that one-!

One of the projectiles explodes, covering the area in smoke. I can still see M'gann just fine, but I doubt she can see a thing.

**M'gann, go for height in case she follows up!**

**No, she's gone.**

M'gann rises out of the smoke, the Shadow's tunic still in her telekinetic grip.

Kaldur can't see what's happening. **Miss Martian, report.**

**The Shadow threw some knives at me. They went right through the fence, but I stopped them before they hit me. I didn't spot the smoke bomb until it exploded. She got away.**

Another monitor tracks the Shadow as she sprints away from the building. Sports bra. Practical, though not exactly well armoured. Maybe armour doesn't go with her build? Combat build, not physical build. I doubt that she could leap like that if she were wearing my armour.

**I'm still tracking her. She's leaving the area. Aqualad, do you want us to pursue?**

**No. The Shadows will try again. We need to focus on stopping the Infiltrators and protecting Doctor Roquette.**

Robin to Aqualad.

Rather than wear an earpiece that might throw off my hearing, I decided to have the ring relay radio communications. Sounds a bit... Off. I'm not used to hearing a voice other than the ring's in this way.

We're over Philadelphia. We've located the Shadow's next target. STAR Labs.

That wasn't the one with the Amazo parts, was it? Because that would be a bit of a problem.

We're too late.

I flick my right hand and an image of the collapsing building appears.

It's destroyed. Totally destroyed. The fog decimated it.

It destroyed one in ten buildings? I doubt it.

This is bad. STAR Labs is cutting edge science and now their secrets are in the hands of the enemy.

He pauses for a moment. Artemis takes a look at the orange rubble heap projection.

What's our next move?

Kaldur's already decided. We scan for the fog. Find it. We're moving the Doctor.

*Part 07, Renegade*

**I don't really want to hurt her if she isn't fighting back.**

**Try telling her you think she has a nice arse too.**

There's a moment of silence. Then Kid Flash speaks. **I'm on board with that plan.**

M'gann's less sure. **Err...**

**You just need to stop her thinking about the song for a moment, right?**

**Well, yeah...**

**Reacting in a way which shocks her might well disrupt her concentration.**

**I... I suppose...**

Kaldur isn't keen. **Miss Martian, if you are not comfortable with the suggestion then do not make use of it.**

**No, it... It could work.**

Artemis stares at me as I cover my mouth with my right hand to try and prevent myself from laughing.

"Okay, that's mean."

"A bit. Funny though."

On the monitor M'gann's lips move. I've no idea what she's saying, but I doubt it's very convincing.

The Shadow responds by bending slightly and pressing her derriere against the wire of the fence. She then makes a circle with it.

M'gann jerks back in the air.

"Hah!"

She snerks, "Yeah, okay, that was funny."

"Serves her right for taking what Wallace said at face value. I give Superboy a reassuring hug and suddenly everyone on the team thinks we're romantically involved. It's ridiculous."

"I.. suppose it was, kinda..."

"Particularly considering what I've been doing in Japan."

Her face shifts back to neutral and she moves her gaze from the screen to me. "What have you been doing in Japan?"

I look at her from the corner of my eyes. And now the target has changed. "Ogre sex cult. With orange tentacles."

Stunned. "You, you what?!"

"Well..." I wave my huge grey right hand down my front. "It's all in proportion, isn't it? There's no way one woman could possibly-."

He expression becomes a gurning rictus of horror and disgust. "Oh, eww!"

She's actually gagging! I grin. "Funny you should make that expression..."

9th August
22:36 GMT -5

I still can't do stealth.

I could have carried whatever equipment the Doctor wanted to bring easily with a construct. Heck, I could have powered it and given her a roaming internet connection so she could keep working while conveying her in a sealed, vibration free and climate controlled module. But the whole thing would have glowed orange and everyone would have known where we were. And the Shadows have got to have someone who can threaten me, right?

I did briefly consider suggesting that we take her back to the mountain. It would make an excellent defensive position, but would rather give the game away about our residential location.

The Doctor vetoed my suggestion of Atlantis.

We ended up scurrying from place of concealment to place of concealment, stopping only for me to create a small screen with which to track the assassin we knew about and check for any we didn't. Aqualad and I carried the computer equipment by hand, while Artemis scouted ahead and M'gann hovered invisibly above us. Credit where credit's due, Kid Flash managed to knock off the bickering for the journey while he performed rear guard duty.

Oh. Rear. Right. He wasn't anywhere near her.

We've set up shop in the local internet cafe. Hang on... **Aqualad, if the computers are already here, why did we bother bringing this stuff?**

He turns to me from where he was standing just behind the Doctor while she works. **To set up a decoy. I will remain here with Doctor Roquette. I want everyone else to move to the Sailor's Rest Bar and Grill up the street. Miss Martian will assume the form of Doctor Roquette to act as bait.**

Ring, update on our attacker's location. I see her several streets away. Looks like she had backup clothing stashed somewhere. She gestures and... Oh, that's her backup, is it? **If I may make an alternate suggestion?** Kaldur nods. **The Shadow we encountered at the school has been joined by two others. None of them are carrying weapons which are a threat to me. Why don't I sally forth and deal with them before they get here?**

This seems to surprise him a little. **Members of the League of Shadows are highly skilled-.**

Give me strength. **They're armed with sharp bits of metal and glue guns, Kaldur. They are no threat to me. At absolute worst, one could slip past and maybe make it ten metres before I stop them. Artemis, would you mind covering me from a concealed position?**

Her eyes dart between us. **Aah, no. I.. can.. do that.**

**There. Not even ten metres and they get an arrow in the foot.** I raise my forearms, palms towards me, in a gesture of appeal.

**Hey, how come she gets to help?** Kid Flash doesn't want to get left out.

**Because we need our more experienced team mate covering Doctor Roquette.** That mollifies him slightly. **And because I'm going to be throwing heavy constructs around and we haven't really practised that. I wouldn't want to accidentally pulverise you. Artemis attacks from a distance.**

Kaldur doesn't look convinced. **I am not happy about sending you to face multiple opponents-.**

Armour.

The construct covers me completely. **Kaldur, take a Water-Bearer and stab me in the face.**

"What?" I think I shocked him.

"My armour is not breakable by levels of force a baseline human can bring to bear. And I'm not completely convinced you can break it either. Stab me. Punch me. Whatever you need to do to assure yourself that my assessment is correct."

He waits for a moment, then reaches out with his right hand, pushing lightly against the faceplate. Then, the pulls his arm back and hammers his fist into the armour. Chest, diaphragm and face each take a hit without noticeable effect. I don't move even slightly, though I do have to suppress the blink reflex when his fist comes at my eyes.

If I'd set the armour to 'reflect energy' I'd have broken his hand just then.

He looks at his hand, opening and closing the fist a couple of times. **Very well. Artemis, accompany Orange Lantern and cover him from a place of concealment.**

**Don't worry. This orange light is dreadful for stealth, but it's great for keeping people's attention.** Artemis and I walk towards the door. I open it, step aside and smile. **Ladies first.**

That gets an arched eyebrow, but she walks through anyway.

I'm not normally a violent man, but I'm actually kind of excited about this.

"So, which way are we going?"

Flight aura.

And up we go.

"Hey!"

We shoot five blocks in moments. "Faster than walking." We touch down on the roof of a warehouse. The air conditioning outflow should give Artemis plenty of cover. If she needs it for some reason. "Three opponents; the ninja from earlier, redressed, some guy with glue guns strapped to his wrists and a guy with a big hook for an arm."

I create images of all three of them. Their little party is remaining in dispersed formation, but are heading in the same direction closely enough to support each other. Artemis looks at the images for a moment. "I don't recognise the ninja, but those last two are Black Spider and Hook."

"Anything I should look out for?"

"Are you serious about fighting them on your own?"

Incredulity? Please. I hold out my left hand, palm first. My right index finger points to the ring.

"Do you see this ring? This is an example of the most powerful tool ever devised by a species that reached the limits of the technology curve, and then used their knowledge to build more curve for themselves. While I am in no sense an expert in its application, I am more than up to the task, of taking down, three baseline Humans, armed with primitive weapons."

"Cocky much?"

"There is no challenge here! But, if you have any doubts, feel free to watch so you can drag me out of the way when I lose."

Now, who to attack first? Think I'll go for the spider guy. Want to get the chance to clobber him before Marvel Comics do.

I'm nearly giggling as I lurk behind a warehouse, waiting for my first target to reach me. My lights are on low and the solid wall should prevent me from being spotted. It wouldn't matter much, but I'd prefer not to give them the chance to disperse.

OrangeVision live... Ah, there we are. Spider-Man... No, Black Spider, has leapfrogged past the other two and moved into cover on top of a greengrocer's on the side of the road opposite the other side of this warehouse. Interestingly, he doesn't seem to be using the web spray thingies on his wrists to assist his movements. Instead he seems able to vault and safely fall considerable distances under his own power. Maybe a metahuman? Or perhaps that's just what peak fitness baseline Humans can do here. Still not strong enough to actually threaten me, but I can afford to be a little rougher with him. The other two are at ground level. No time like the present, then.

Armour to full, I rise up behind the warehouse, a draconic four fingered claw manifesting around my target. It isn't quite instantaneous, but it's fast enough that he has no chance to dodge it before being lifted up two stories further and then slammed down into the middle of the road with some considerable force.

As I complete my arc to hover over the street about eight metres away from him -two other targets on his far side- I feel for a moment that maybe it would have been more satisfying to mirror the construct's actions with my own arm? Perhaps, but it would have been foolish and I want to avoid the mistakes the Greenies keep making.

Ring, keep him pinned and give me amplification.

Compliance.

"Good evening, members of the League of Shadows. I am Orange Lantern two eight one four."

A minor construct releases the wrist webbers from Black Spider and floats them over to me. Might be useful.

Ninja girl goes for height while Hook dashes forward more boldly, keeping the parked cars along the side of the road between himself and me as much as possible. Futile hope, or standard training misapplied? Another claw manifests around him and tosses him roughly into open space next to Black Spider. He rolls to a crouch.

"Okay, the ninja girl and the Spider man I kind of get, but what the fuck are you supposed to be?" A grimace, then he aims his hook and me and fires it like a harpoon. That bulky cybernetic actually has a chain in it. Unbelievable. A series of needle-like constructs pierce the links before the hook reaches me, arresting its movement and holding it in place. I send a line construct directly down from me into the ground and towards him. "Were all the good weapons taken or something?"

He snarls, and tries to pull it back like a fishing line. Nope. The line I send underneath him breaks through the tarmac and encases his hook-arm, then extends to generate an angle grinder from it. Now, how much of that arm is still flesh? Hmm. The cybernetic covers pretty much the whole arm, but some skin and nerve tissue -and enough blood vessels to keep them alive- is still intact. The bone and muscle appears to have been entirely replaced with the material used in more normal, natural seeming cybernetics. The bone replacement looks neat. I suppose they'd have to have reinforced parts of his body to take the extra weight and strain of the harpoon gun.

Didn't that come up in Global Frequency? About how you can't just add a little if you want to augment someone with cybernetics, because the body pulls itself apart? Think that was why the guy in Cowboy Bebop had a light and not very strong cybernetic as well.

Now he actually looks scared. Oh well. He yelps as the grinder slices neatly through the arm just above the elbow. Another souvenir. I drop the needle constructs and trigger the reel-in mechanism. Once it snaps back in place I stick the limb into subspace. We're going to need a bigger cupboard at this rate.

With the construct that had been holding his arm in place dropped, Hook falls to his knees, cradling his stump. His eyes are watering and his breathing is shallow and rapid. Oh hell, does he get pain feedback from that arm? I scan for the interface implants before sticking a ShockCrown over his head. He slumps bonelessly to the ground. Right, he's still in pain, he just can't move. Assuming that his arm is basically a customised standard model, destroying that and that should stop any signals reaching his organic nervous system. Another scan and yes, no impulses detected. Great.

Lifting Hook and Black Spider up -Black Spider showing some signs of life now- I spray them both with a good coat of Black Spider's own web solution before sticking them to the warehouse wall with the rest of it. Now, logically he'd keep a supply of solvent here... Yes, there we are. I know what I can do with that. I stick the dispensers in the still-hardening webbing next to Black Spider's head, and take off his helmet.

Hook won't be able to move for hours, and Black Spider isn't going anywhere fast unless the ninja cuts him free. Where'd she go? Ah, as far away from me as she can get in the time available. Rather than head towards the seafront and the Doctor, she's heading parallel to the seafront, over the rooftops. Does she really think that will help?

Ring, plot route.

Compliance.

A fraction's worth of blur and I'm standing directly in front of her. She's running at full pelt and doesn't have time to stop before crashing into me, and bouncing off my armour. Respect to her though, she uses her bounce back to roll away from me and into a crouch. A movement of her arms and three shurikens hit my construct armour, only to bounce off.

The area is fairly well lit, and I get my first direct normal-vision look at her. "Oh, GREEN! Green tunic and white mask! You're Cheshire, right?"

She draws two... Don't remember what they're called, knives like Raphael uses, and lunges for me.

"That's-." A group of clamps projected from my right hand grab each of her arms and legs -upper and lower- mid leap. She tries to twist out of their grasp, but makes no more headway than Black Canary did. "That's really not going to work."

Ring, scan for weapons.

Compliance.

A series of small claws projected from my chest home in on her every weapon. The two knives in her hands are pulled free first, with some resistance. Then the pistol bow, bolts and the shurikens attached to her back, and two weirdly blunt looking knives... Collapsible swords? Those exist? Whaw, learn something new every day. I snap the bolts in half before dropping the other equipment to the floor. Explosive pellets from her belt come next, then... Oh.

"Sorry about this, but if you will store things inside your tunic..."

She stiffens as the claws go inside her tunic. I feel really uncomfortable about this. Two normalish knives and a selection of throwing weapons join the pile on the floor. Maybe she really doesn't need armour with all this stuff in her clothing.

Please say she doesn't have a knife up her... No? Fffwww. That's a relief.

Having thoroughly disarmed her, I get a bit closer.

**Orange Lantern to team. Hook and Black Spider are stuck to a warehouse wall, and I've pinned and disarmed the ninja. Her codename's Cheshire, by the way.**

There's a moment, then Aqualad responds. **Good work. Do you detect any other Shadows in the area?**

Ring?

No threats likely to be in the category requested detected.

**Not at present. How's the program coming along?**

A pause, presumably to check with Doctor Roquette. **The Doctor informs me that it should be complete within half an hour.**

**Do you need Artemis and I back? I'd like to see if I can get anything out of the assassins before we hand them over to the police.**

**If there are no further attackers whom you can detect, then there is no need for your return. Try to find out if they know what the next target of the Infiltrators is.**

**I'm on it. Would you mind sending Miss Martian over? I'm fairly sure that I can keep Cheshire's attention away from annoying music.**

**Miss Martian, join Orange Lantern but stay invisible and out of line of sight.**

**Uh, Orange Lantern, do you still need me covering you?**

**Can't hurt. Move up so you can overlook my current position.**

Soooo... What do I remember about Cheshire? Nothing from the League database.

Ring?

No record on file.

Nice to know my memory's still working. All I remember of comic Cheshire is that she had a child with Red Arrow, poisoned her weapons -Ring, check? Yep.- and once blew up a country with a nuclear weapon. I only remember that detail because someone compared her action to that of Black Adam; commenting that it was hypocritical to consider her actions beyond the pale while not condemning him with equal vehemence.

First, that mask can go. An orange aura forms around her head as I unbuckle it and lift it off. Wait, that's her actual hair? I though it was part of the mask! How much hair spray does she get through?

Ring, scan the mask.

Scan complete.

Huh. Decoration aside, it's pretty much the same as Crock's mask. Wonder if they have the same supplier?

Facial structure slender... Maybe Asian? Not sure. There's light here but it isn't great, so I can't judge skin tone. Her expression is fairly blank, but her eyes suggest that she'd quite like to tear my heart out right now.

"So, as I said, I'm Orange Lantern two eight one four. And you're Cheshire."

I move to a sitting position, hands clasped in my best 'sincere guidance counsellor' position. M'gann was right; I do like doing this.

"So, I don't know anything about you yet, but before we get started, is there anything you'd like to know about me?"

"Your real name, home address and a list of your vulnerabilities."

"Hm. Can't say it, don't have one, finite power reserve."

"How finite?"

"If you can hold out for two days or so, then I might have to recharge."

Her eyes move from my face. Oh, she's seen the ring. "That actually is a power ring, isn't it?"

"'Fraid so."

"I thought they only came in green."

I open my palm facing her, the glowing sigil clearly visible. "Actually, they come in a bunch of colours. It's just that everyone's heard of the green ones."

Another pause, as she looks away for a moment. "It wasn't the Martian who detected me."

"Nope, that was me. Oh, sorry, that can't be comfortable."

I use the clamps to push her into a sitting position, then extend them to create a comfy chair. She's still clamped to it, but she'll hopefully feel a little more at ease.

She looks more puzzled than relaxed. "Can't say I thought I'd ever be interrogated in an armchair."

"I'm a bit new at this. Please, forgive me if I get some details a bit wrong."

"I don't suppose it has a massage function?"

I grin. "It can if you give me a list of the targets which the League of Shadows is planning to use the Infiltrators on."

An incredulous look. "Really?"

"Sure. It isn't hard; I can apply pressure with a construct however you want."

Sometimes when I talk at cross purposes with someone, it's accidental. I have a bit of trouble following another's thought processes sometimes. More often these days I use it for humour instead. Cheshire blinks heavily twice before she dismisses what I said.

"Of course, I'm not actually trained in massage therapy yet. I've been thinking about taking lessons, but I've... Been busy with work."

"Are you actually planning on interrogating me at some point?"

"Well, yes, but... Ah! Shall we see how Hook and Black Spider are getting on?"

I make a sweeping gesture with my left hand, and a screen appears with the Chuckle Brothers in the centre. Hook's still out, but Black Spider has managed to take hold of the web fluid dispenser in his mouth.

"Oh, good effort there. Kinda like one of those crazy Japanese game shows, isn't it? Endurance, or something? Do you have that here? Contestant number one thinks he's about to get the web dissolving solvent, buuuut..."

He bites down on the trigger.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagggggggghhhhhhhhhhhh!"

We hear his scream from where we're sitting.

"Some complete bastard replaced the solvent with pepper spray!" I make a face of comedically exaggerated astonishment, right hand covering my mouth with fingers pointing upwards. "Who would do such a thing?!"

She's back to her serious face. "Are you allowed to do things like that?"

"Eh, no one's going to care about pepper spray. If I'd made Fear Toxin or Smilex..."

No expression again.

"Did you know that Smilex started out as an antidepressant? Not a lot of people know that. Never made it as far as Human trials." I pause for a moment. "Well, obviously it's been tried on Humans now. I think Fear Toxin was supposed to be for riot control. You know, make rioters too afraid to start anything. That did get to Human trials. The stuff can actually be useful in interrogations. In low doses, anyway. High doses..." I make a circling motion with my right hand. "So! Anyway, is there anything you'd particularly like to tell me at this point?"

No response. Oh well. Ring, what's her name?

Gotham North High School records list her as 'Jade Crock'.

Crock? Interesting...

"Miss Crock, it would really help if-."

"That isn't my name!"

Furious again.

"Okay, what would you prefer?"

Sour taste face. "Nguyen. Jade Nguyen."

"Right, well, Miss Nguyen-."

Ring, where does that name come from?

The surname is the maiden name of her mother, Paula Nguyen.

Who'd she marry to get the surname 'Crock'?

Lawrence Crock, aka 'Sportsmaster'.

"Huh, small world! I actually ran into your dad a couple of weeks ago."

"I don't care."

Ooooh, fierce. Not a good relationship, then. Worth knowing.

Ring, Ophidian's Eyes.

Everything changes. Scenery fades away to irrelevance. I still see Miss Nguyen, but I also see inside her mind. Not her thoughts, but her desires, her underlying fundamental drives. She needs structure and duty. She needs to be respected and to have someone she respects to look up to. I see glimpses of a face, sort of General Iroh meets pirate chief. I can't feel any drive towards conventionally moral behaviour. I suppose she doesn't define herself in those terms. And, yes, a huge jagged ball of do-not-want linked to an image of her father. I don't remember him being that big. Hmm.

Ring, end.

Back in the room.

"What did you just do?"

"Hm?"

"Your eyes turned orange."

"Night vision. Orange is, ah, kinda my thing." Not sure if she believes me, but she doesn't have any evidence to the contrary. "Would you like a biscuit?" A small plate with a chocolate cookie in the centre materialises from subspace. "I've finally got the hang of making them crunchy without being too dry."

She looks at it suspiciously.

"Oh, come on. If I'd wanted to drug you I'd just have done it."

"This is ridiculous."

"I need the feedback! The Martian tells me she likes them, but I think she's just buttering me up so she can skive off kitchen duty."

**Hey!**

I smile. **Miss Martian, you're in place then. How am I doing?**

**You're making her confused, but after a moment she goes back to counting pi. I'm getting some things, but not the location of the next attack.**

I float the plate closer to Miss Nguyen's right side, and remove the restraints from the lower part of her right arm. I still have hold of the plate with the ring though, I'm not stupid.

**I'll try and keep her off balance. Let me know when you have it.**

Gingerly, she reaches out and picks up the biscuit. Slowly she moves it towards her face, taking the time to study it carefully. An inch from her nose she stops and sniffs it.

I grin. "Not bothered by the power ring, but my chocolate biscuit's clearly a deadly weapon."

Perhaps realising how silly I'm making her look, she takes a tiny bite. Her face is a picture. In fact, ring?

Image stored.

Failing to detect anything untoward, she takes a larger bite. I hear the crunch.

"I understand why you don't want to be associated with him, you know. Supervillains are famous for making terrible fathers."

Her eyes narrow slightly. Another bite.

"You know Slade Wilson? Deathstroke the Terminator? Sword nut, blue and orange costume? Once it became clear that neither of his sons were going to follow in his footsteps, he decided that there was nothing for it but to turn his daughter into the perfect Stepford assassin. His chosen method? Obedience drugs. Only they don't work quite right, and she ends up completely obsessed with him. Rose Wilson ended up gouging her own eye out so she could be a bit more like daddy."

Another bite.

"Of course, she had it easy compared with Cassandra Cain. David Cain... He's one of your lot, isn't he? Anyway, to test a theory about how the Human brain processes information, he denies her access to any form of spoken or written language until she's in her teens. Completely messes her up."

Another bite.

"Finding out that he trained her to resist pain by shooting her, then shooting her again if she flinched, that cost me some of my faith in humanity."

Last bite. Nothing yet...

"Then you've got Ra's al-Gul-."

"Lady Talia has never been mistreated by her father."

"Oh, no, not her. Always easier to get on with the obedient ones. No, I was referring to her elder sister, Nyssia. The one who ended up in a concentration camp?"

Her expression shifts slightly. Something there. Probably not enough for M'gann...

"Must be a relief to know that yours is in prison, really."

A blink of surprise, then hardening again. "How?"

She didn't know? "Like I said, I ran into him a couple of weeks ago."

"You really expect me to believe that-."

Ring, plasma crossbow.

I hold it up so she can get a good look at it.

"Look familiar? If it makes you feel any better, it didn't do much more to my armour construct than your shurikens did."

"You, beat Sportsmaster."

"The EMP mine in his helicopter didn't exactly help him, but yes. I knocked him out and the Justice League escorted him to Belle Reve."

"Hah!" An honest smile. I send the plate and crossbow back into subspace. "Did you hit him a lot? Please, say yes."

"Um, no, not really. The actual fight can't have taken longer than fifteen seconds. One construct to yank the weapon out of his hand, another to short out his motor neurons." She looks surprised, and a little impressed. Why? Oh. "Temporarily, temporarily."

Slight pout face.

"Might have accidentally bumped him into a few trees on the way back..."

The grin is back.

**She doesn't know! They didn't tell her what the target is.**

Darn.

**Aqualad to Miss Martian, are you able to get anything useful?**

**The man using the Infiltrators is called Professor Ojo. He wears a helmet with a really powerful energy weapon built into the face. He might have a couple of other people with him, but they aren't fighters. I'm transmitting an image now.**

The helmet reminds me a bit of Triclops from He-Man. And that moustache? Really?

**I will inform Robin and Superboy.**

"So how did it feel, taking down one of the most feared mercenaries on the planet?"

Exaggerated facial cringe. "Honestly, I'd never heard of him. Thought he was Casey Jones until my team mates corrected me."

Puzzlement. "Who is Casey Jones?"

"Have you ever seen the film 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?"

"Yes..? Wait, you thought he was-?"

"It's the same mask!"

"You thought Lawrence 'Crusher' Crock,-"

"Yes."

"-Sportsmaster,-"

"Yes."

"-was Casey Jones, the idiot from the Turtles films."

"And. And the animated series'."

"Hahahahahahahahaha!"

Her head drops down.

"Hahahahahahahahaha!"

She's actually gasping for breath.

"Hahahahahahahahaha!"

"It's not that funny."

She gets herself under control and takes a couple of deep breaths. "Yes, yes it is. I almost want to go and visit him, just so I can tell him. Do they let you take cameras in? Do you think I could get a picture?"

"I've... Never looked into it."

"I could probably sneak in."

"It's supposed to be very secure."

"Eh, that's what they said about Stryker's Island."

That statement concerns me a little. The holding facility for the people Superman fights is not somewhere I want supervillains to think of as 'not all that secure'.

**Doctor Roquette has resumed tracking the Infiltrators. Orange Lantern, Miss Martian, continue to question Cheshire. I'm sending Kid Flash to stand by near a zeta tube in order to travel to whatever location the Shadows strike at next.**

"What's the pay like?"

"I'm sorry?"

"For being-" She waves her free forearm. "-Orange Lantern. I don't remember what the exact bounty on Sportsmaster's head was. Is that how it works?"

Maybe I should ask about that? There's probably some sort of reward. I don't need the money but it might be nice to make a charity contribution in my own name... Well, title at least.

"Miss Nguyen-."

"Oh, call me Jade." A dismissive gesture. "It's not like I can keep my identity secret."

"Ah, alright, thank you. Jade, I have a power ring, and a short flight from here at faster than light speed is the Mars-Jupiter asteroid belt. And in that belt is as much precious metal as I could ever spend."

I rub my right thumb against my right index and middle fingers, a single platinum coin emerging from subspace. Paola chased me down in New York three weeks after my original visit and informed me of the existence of US Mint issued one hundred dollar platinum coins. Their metal value may not match their face value, but it's close enough that I don't melt them when I pick them up. She's negotiating with someone at the Mint to get a whole batch struck for me. For a decent percentage, obviously.

I asked about getting 'All Others Pay Cash' on them, replacing the odious 'In God We Trust' motto. Doubt it'll happen.

It's a bit of a strain, but I create just enough normal light around the coin that Jade can see it clearly. She appears to be thinking about things.

"So you're rich, powerful and handsome."

Wa?

"Um, thank you?" I return the coin to subspace.

"Who's the lucky girl? Or guy?"

"No, I'm... Single at the moment."

**But, Superboy..?**

**Artemis, he's a month old. That would be completely wrong.**

**R-? Really?**

**Really. Grown in a pod. You really should read our mission reports. I mean, I like him, but... No.**

"Hm." And now she's smiling and appraising and I'm remembering that I'm sitting across from an athletically attractive Asian woman wearing what is -basically- fetish wear. And she's tied to a chair. I was ignoring these things. Now I'm not.

Construct strength isn't a problem here.

Maybe I should have spent more time on the intimacy parts of the Hierarchy.

My hands have moved together into my preferred meditative posture. My legs from dangling to crossed. I breathe out. Her smile grows.

"You know, I should probably thank you for dealing with... With my father."

That sounds...

!Really good!

...like a bad...

Is it, though?

"Um, what do you..?"

"How about a kiss?"

!Really good!

That sounds like something I shouldn't do. On the other hand, she isn't armed, she's tied to a chair and I have a power ring. And Batman... Well, Talia and Selina.

The Hierarchy flashes through my head. This doesn't appear to be contrary to any other levels of Need. I've always been a bit reticent where this sort of thing is concerned. Maybe, now is a good time to change that.

I lower the chair to the rooftop, and drop to the ground myself. "Are you sure? I wouldn't... I mean, I don't want to pressure..."

"If you'd had to live with him, you'd understand."

!Really good!

I walk two paces forward, alongside the chair and her free forearm. I increase the height of the chair slightly, so her head is only slightly below the level of my own.

Ring, she doesn't have a cyanide tooth or something, does she?

No poison detected inside her mouth.

And I'm out of excuses, and the orange light has dealt with my reticence.

Ring, drop armour.

I lean forwards and across, head tilted slightly to the side. I tense slightly as her hand touches the back of my head, but I suspect that my inexperience is showing. She presses me forward gently, and I move with her, eyes scanning her face before settling on her eyes. Closer, and our noses rub against each other. Our lips come together. Soft, warm, and... slightly damp? Lipstick, probably.

She removes her hand and I take that as the sign that I should pull back. I run my tongue along my lips. Hm, biscuit crumbs.

**Why are you KISSING the ASSASSIN?** Artemis is not amused.

**Her idea. Miss Martian, getting anything good?**

A pause.

**Hello Megan! You were trying to distract her!**

**I like to think I was keeping her attention focused at least a little, yes.**

**Right! Um, I've got the location of a few League of Shadow safe houses and informants. Nothing that really applies to this mission though.**

**That's a bit of... of...**

And now I'm sitting on the ground. Huh? How did that happen? Oh, that's a pretty sign over the road. Wonder if it distracts traffic?

**Orange Lantern, are you okay?**

Mind cuddles! I send a mental image of myself as a long fluffy orange snake all coiled around her and constricting in a friendly way. I feel her.. alarm? Why is she alarmed? Can't she see its big smiley snake grin?

**Artemis, there's something wrong with Orange Lantern!**

Maybe Martians just don't like snakes. HeEhEeHeE.

"HeEhEeHeE."

Oh, Jade's chair's disappeared.

I wish I had a comfy chair. Sitting up is sooo much effort at the moment. But Jade Jade Jadey Jade doesn't want to sit?

That's fine. I'll just lay here.

Oh look! A stick with a feather. Doesn't look like Jade likes feathers. Maybe it's from a super fast feather delivery company. InterFeather. InterFletcher.

"Hehehehehe"

No, I don't wanna get up.

Whaw, Jadey's a lot stronger than I thought. Being carried around is kind of fun. No more feathers?

Lots of feathers!

Ow. She dropped me. She must have been scared of all the feathers chasing her to jump off the building like that.

My head's dangling right over the edge. Someone really needs to clean that alley.

And now I'm being picked up again. But no one's touching me.

Hello M'gann!

**Hello M'gann!**

She doesn't look very happy. Maybe she needs more cuddles? Ugh, is she saying something? Everything's a bit....

"Paul, snap out of it!"

Ugh?

**He's been drugged.**

I can hear Kralder brut can't see? Huh?

**Artemis has gone after Cheshire.**

**I don't know what drug she used!**

**See if you can get him to focus on what's happening. He should be able to use his ring to purge his system.**

All of the voices?

"Paul, you need to use your ring."

Big face? Hand?

"Come on M'gann, he names his attacks, he told you what he called it. What was it?"

hfoiedgaspbh25xfjkbcvm,fg[pidgf

"Rightful...wholeness?"

Teehee, silly Martian. Wholeness Rightly Assumed.

"DAMN IT!" I'm on my feet and in the air immediately. M'gann's expression combines surprise with relief. Where's Jade?

I feel her. Artemis has her at arrowpoint. She's... Talking to her?

!My target!

A surge of orange and I interrupt their conversation. Eyes glowing, a swarm of Octopus tentacles projected from my chest yank her off the ground, completely engulfing her.

I drag her up in front of me. "That. Was rude."

I feel her pushing against the construct. Is she seriously trying to escape?

"Stop struggling. I've seen this film, and it doesn't end well for the Asian woman."

I tighten the construct's grip.

**Orange Lantern, are you well?**

**Yes, thank you Aqualad. I'm sorry...sorry about that. I realise it was stupid, but in my defence; poisoned lipstick?**

"You're choking her."

"What?" I descend to ground level. Artemis is looking at me like... Is she scared?

Ring, we're not choking Jade, are we?

Breathing of the subject is restricted.

Well, loosen up, then.

Stated request is contrary to user's desires. Unable to comply.

Ah, crap.

"Let her go, now!"

She's actually got an arrow notched.

"I'm trying!"

Okay, I'm angry because I was stupid. Of course she was going to try to escape. I shouldn't have thought otherwise. I shouldn't take it out on her.

Loosen.

The tentacles part slightly, and their numbers thin out. She's still being held securely and in some discomfort. I've got one around her mouth for good measure. She takes a deep and slightly panicked breath through her nose.

Ah, hell with it. ShockCrown.

10th August
09:14 GMT -5

Ten hours, and I still feel stupid about it.

Robin, Kon and Wallace dealt with Professor Ojo and the Infiltrators easily enough, and the four Shadows have been transferred to a very secure holding facility. Apparently Hook and Spider broke out of a normal transport last time they were arrested and the police have taken it a bit personally. What's left of the Infiltrator control unit after Superboy landed on it is in a secure STAR Labs facility. Green Arrow told me that Red Arrow made sure that he destroyed all of the backup servers when he rescued Doctor Roquette, so that should be that.

Most of my team mates found my actions to be more amusing than anything. I think Wallace was actually slightly impressed. Kaldur merely described it as 'ill-advised'. Artemis, on the other hand, was livid. Not really sure why. I mean, yes, obviously it was unprofessional and could have gone very badly, but by now? I need to find out what's going on there.

Batman wants our reports by ten this morning, but mine's already on the system. Rather than mope, or wait for him to tell me things I already know I did wrong, I decided to make a delivery.

I'm standing outside the Metropolis Special Crimes Unit's headquarters in the New Troy borough of Metropolis City. It also serves as the main police station for this part of the city. I'm in civilian clothing and trying to look harmless. A scan shows me that Sergeant Ramones is on site. Not sure how this sort of thing is supposed to work, so I decided to just walk up to the front desk and ask for him.

The technology in the MONQI's wasn't anything very exciting by local standards, except for the battery unit. Most of the wrecks we recovered went to STAR Labs, but apparently they didn't need most of the ones I collected. A little work with the ring and I was able to turn a battery and two eyes into a nifty little plasma pistol. I say pistol, but with the variable focus they can match most rifles for range and their power is much greater than commercially available weaponry. I'm keeping a green one and a red one for myself -just in case-, but that still leaves eight green ones that I don't have any use for. Seems like something the SCU could make use of now, not when STAR Labs finishes deciphering how the battery was made.

Not giving them any red ones. Handing out anti-Kryptonian weapons sounds like a really bad idea. Think maybe I'll give one to Alan?

I walk up the stone steps and push through the front door. There's a porch area with metal detectors with another set of doors on the far side. As expected, the ring doesn't set them off. Then I'm into the main lobby, and I walk over to the reception desk. The chap manning it looks up from his monitor.

"Can I help you sir?"

"I do hope so. I'd like to speak to Sergeant Ramones of the SCU, if that's at all possible."

"Alright." He reaches for his phone. "If you can give me your name and why you're here?"

"Orange Lantern, and I have some guns for him."

He's still for a moment, then sits back and looks irritated. "Why don't you go waste someone else's time?"

Huh.

I lay my right hand on the desk, palm upwards, and generate an orange sigil.

"I appreciate this is a little unusual, but I feel it is worth your time. I met the sergeant on the third while transporting the components of a rather dangerous android to STAR Labs."

"Oh-! Uh-! Right, sorry!"

He grabs the phone and starts dialling. I cancel the construct and stand at parade rest.

"Sergeant Ramones? Front desk here. There's a guy calling himself the Orange Lantern here, says he wants to talk to you." A brief pause while he listens to the reply, then he hangs up. "He'll be down in a minute."

"Thank you."

A look around shows me a settee to sit on, along with a table upon which rests a copy of today's Daily Planet and a few magazines. I also spot the security camera, and wave and smile at it when it moves over my face.

Come here, lets have a read. Anything about that bridge collapse last week? No, too much time's passed for it to be new news and too little for anyone to have a detailed investigation complete yet. Anything by Mister Kent? Yes, something on an ongoing investigation into government corruption. Oh, and an opinion piece by Miss Lane. I'm not going to bother reading it, but given how much her appearance changes in every comic and animated series it's worth remembering her picture.

There's a bleep as one of the security doors opens. I turn and see the sergeant staring at me. Odd seeing him out of the full armour he had been wearing. Best grin on. "Morning, sergeant!"

"Hi. Wasn't expecting to see you again any time soon."

"Had some guns to drop off for you."

I appear to have left him behind a little. "Where from?"

"I basically took the MONQI's eyes and power cell and stuck them together. Nothing too complicated. Thought the SCU might want them."

"Oh, you're donating them. Right. Um, d'you wanna come through? Sykes,-" He turns to the chap at the desk. "-sort him out a visitor's pass, will ya?"

I fill in my details -apparently writing my name as Orange Lantern is perfectly acceptable- and clip the tag onto my vest. Then I follow the sergeant through the building.

"The sortsa weapons we use, can't test them in a normal firing range. STAR Labs had to build one special."

"Makes sense."

By the time we get there a few other SCU officers are waiting.

"So, where's the cape?"

A heavy set bald black guy jerks his chin in my direction.

"'Where's the cape?' as in, 'where is the superhero?', or 'where's the cape?' as in 'why aren't I wearing one?'?"

"Didn't know the limeys even had superheroes."

"I can see this is going to be a productive meeting Mister..?"

"Corporal Jase."

"Alright then, corporal. Since I have everyone's attention, I'll begin. This-" I hold out my right hand and call the case with the pistols in forth from subspace. "-is my little gift to the SCU."

I put it down on a nearby table and open it. Eight pistols sat there, sticking out from the padding in two slightly overlapping rows of four. I pick one up.

"I made these from parts taken from the monkey robots that Professor Ivo sent after his android. As I'm sure the sergeant has told you, they bored through the armour of the trucks in a few seconds."

"Can't believe he made them look like monkeys."

A thin blonde man.

"They aren't called mad scientists because they're angry. For the purpose of this demonstration, I'll be setting it to.. low.. power-" I turn the rear of the gun in their direction and show them the dial. "-and short range." Another dial. "If either range or power are not selected then the pistol will not fire. This is the safety. If both are selected, then it will fire. Do not pull the trigger accidentally if the safety is not on."

I walk over to the range itself. "The gun itself is much quieter than most kinetic pistols. On the low energy setting, all you'll hear is a slight sizzle as the air is superheated. On higher settings, there's a slight... Mm, not sure how to describe it. A sort of ringing noise. The beam is quite bright, though not painful to look at for a short time."

I check the range, then raise the pistol, one hand on the grip and the other supporting the barrel.

"The beam is not affected by wind speed or gravity. At least, not within its longest effective range. If the range is not set correctly, the beam will strike it in a diffuse manner, and so have a dramatically reduced strength."

Regular visits to the West Side Pistol and Rifle Range have allowed me to graduate from 'piss poor' to 'not so bad, English'. Hitting the target with this weapon is easy. Three flashes of green light later there are three glowing circles in the centre of the heavy sheet of armour they have as the target.

"Now, any questions?"

10th August
10:25 GMT -5

"Recognised, Orange Lantern, B zero six."

Ah, it'd be too long if I changed it.

I walk to the mouth of the zeta tube and then out into the main area of the base. Wonder Woman, Red Tornado and Batman stop their discussion as they see me.

Oh, heck.

"Where have you been?"

Diana doesn't sound angry, but I'm a little clenched at the moment.

"Metropolis. I've turned some of the MONQI components into plasma pistols and I wanted to give them to the SCU." I approach to within three metres and then come to parade rest. I turn my head towards Batman. "I'm not late, am I, sir? Usually you take three hours to-."

He raises a hand to stop me. "I've scheduled the debrief for thirteen hundred hours. And from your report it appears that you are well aware of the serious error in judgement you made."

I wince slightly, and nod. "Yes... I.. am, sir."

"Then I see little need to labor the point." I sag slightly with relief. "You may also be pleased to know that Wonder Woman has agreed to take on a greater responsibility for Superboy's training."

!Is good!

I nod to her. "Thank you sir."

"She has also made me aware of a significant breach of League security. By you."

Oh. That. "Sir, if you've discussed it then you know why-."

His hand rises again. "Understandable, but still problematic for us. Firstly, I would like to confirm that you actually have the knowledge you claim to."

"Sir, Wonder Woman gave me an order not to use the name of a League affiliate without their permission or an order from you or her. I can't just... Well, okay, I can just say it, but the consequences are a bit severe."

Batman's eyes move to Wonder Woman, who nods slightly. "Very well. I order you to say my name. Once."

I create a barrier around myself and him, and make it as opaque as I can. "Bruce Wayne." I dismiss the barrier.

He considers for a moment. "I suppose, given the more complex ways in which you use constructs, it was inevitable you would become privy to sensitive data eventually. Have you shared this information with the rest of your Corps?"

"I don't... Not intentionally, sir. I'm not completely sure how the data transfer works. I... I've been assuming that using Green Lantern's lantern, I'm off the network. Certainly I haven't received any messages. My.. database hasn't been updated either."

Wait. 'More complex'? Did he just compare me favourably to the League's Greenies?

A shallow nod. "You had a chance to abuse this information and you didn't take it. I don't believe any further action on my part is necessary."

Now or never. "Actually, sir... I would appreciate it if you would remove the existing order. I've... Since Wonder Woman made it, I've been dreading the thought that I might say a name and be overheard by someone I didn't know was there, or I might say a name I didn't think was a secret, and violate the order that way. I mean, Kon introduces himself as Kon, but it's his real name and not many people know it. Does that count? Given the penalty I'm looking at..."

Wonder Woman stiffens slightly. Batman looks at her. "It... Might work like that. This sort of oath is used so infrequently..."

Back to me. "Consider it removed."

This version of Batman is much easier to work with than the one in Justice League Unlimited. "Thank you sir. That's quite a relief."

"One last thing. Considering what happened during your first practise session with Black Canary, I decided that it would be best if we found an additional tutor for you. Someone who could give you training in using your constructs in combat."

"Sounds sensible, sir. I'm going to assume you aren't referring to Lantern Scott?"

The zeta tube glows to life behind me. I remain standing where I am and try turning my head to see who's coming through.

"Recognised, Green Lantern, A zero four, Troia, A zero five."

Was that Alan's designation? Oh, no, no it isn't.

That's Guy Gardner. The uniform's different to the incarnations I'm familiar with, and so's his hair. Looks much better, actually. Sleeveless black and green shirt with Green Lantern sigil, black trousers and fingerless gloves. Not sure what they're for. Protection when he punches people? Doesn't look armoured, but compared with some...

He sees me and strides in my direction. I turn to meet him as Diana walks over to greet Donna, who was hovering a touch nervously at the tube mouth.

"So you're the punk who thinks he's a Lantern."

Hm. He's not a League member, so he doesn't outrank me. I tilt my head a little to the left. "So you're the idiot who got taken down by a bus."

"Oooooooooooh." He grins, and cracks his knuckles. "Smart mouth. Let's see how long you can keep that up for."

"Against someone who's been through Green Lantern training? Quite a while, I should think."

"Yeah, they told me you think we're a bunch of muscle brains."

Did I say that? "I don't think I called you all muscle brains."

"No?" He stretches his neck. "Guess I just take it personal when someone insults my teacher."

"Your teacher was Kilo-? Oh."

Poop.

*Supplementary, Renegade*

10th August
21:46 GMT -5

I'm still not sure why they believed me when I said that she just 'got away'. It isn't as if I keep the ring's capacities a secret. Maybe they just didn't want to push me while the paramedics were still scraping Black Spider and Hook off the pavement. Had to use the ring to judge their injuries that precisely. Heck, even had to heal Hook a bit. But, the upshot was that Batman didn't really have much to complain about during the debrief.

Nice to know that I'm not completely dependent on the ring. And that ninja training doesn't somehow make you the equal of someone with actual super powers. Hook looked quite shocked when I caught his weapon in my bare hand. Heh, and then used it to spin him around my head.

Good day, good day.

Today's been less... Fun. Productive, though. Researching Jade Nguyen nee Crock took a while, as did making sure that I kept up to date with all of her movements. Nice though my augmented body is, I do rather draw crowds when out in public. Fun in Aichi -hah, and rather time-saving- but inconvenient here.

I was shocked to learn that the League of Shadows keep computer data files on their agents. Poor practise, keeping things like that where just anyone with a power ring could scan it. Once I get round to handing the operatives I caught to Batman, that should get me a place in his good books. Valuable intelligence, too, though I'm making use of it first.

One of the many nice things about my new skin tone is the camouflage it offers. If I take hold of the ring in the palm of my hand, no light is visible until I choose to use a construct. If I stand in an unlit room, using the ring to breathe for me, and even a fairly alert person might walk right up to me without noticing that I'm there.

This is the third safe house Jade's been to. I think me shutting down all of the others in the area has left her rather spooked, as well as cutting her off from League of Shadows resources. But, now it's time to make myself known.

I spent some time staring into her soul, as I held her struggling, helpless form aloft when I fought -I'm being generous there- the three of them. I think I may have a use for her. If she's sensible, it won't be the same use I have for her father. The other two were clearly chaff, but she may yet become wheat for my mill. Her identity is so tied up in her father, in wanting to fight against him... I find myself curious as to what will happen when I tell her what I did to him. She wants to become strong, but the only model of strength she has is that of the man she hates above all others.

Defining yourself in terms of someone else. So wasteful. Such a diminution of the self.

I hear her, now. She stopped at this place to check that it was undisturbed before leaving to purchase food. All of the phone numbers she tried failed to reply. I think I might have caused the Shadows' entire American network to go to ground. I hear the crinkle of those paper bags Americans use for groceries. The security on this place wasn't bad exactly, but it dances to the ring's tune now.

She's walked past the utility room where I'm waiting, and moved on to the kitchenette. She kept the lights off. I assume she doesn't want to advertise the fact that there's anyone here to those outside. A reasonable measure, if I were a conventional assailant.

As it is, I form a small platform under each foot and drift after her. I'm standing directly behind her when she puts the bags down on the work surface and flicks on the light.

"Good evening."

She's sprinting for the door before the reflexively thrown knife glances off my chest. I hold it shut. Cornered.

She turns to face me, crouching, kunai in her hands. She looks haggard, as I imagine a beast at bay would look. Not really what I was going for, but I'll take it.

"I'm sure that you realise by now that those won't work."

Her eyes are wide, staring. In theory, my own eyes represent the one point of vulnerability she could exploit. In practice, the angle is a very awkward one even without the ring defending me.

"I appreciate how you feel, you know. Everything you've done, everything you've achieved, and someone like me can just come along and ruin everything."

"What-? What do you want?"

"Good question. My objective, is the complete destruction of the League of Shadows. I'm sure you've seen-."

"It was you! All of them!"

I allow myself a slight smile. "Yes, yes it was. But there lies the problem. I can only act when I have information-."

"I won't tell you anything."

She's shaking a little.

"Jade, I already know everything you know. Now, I want to make you an offer. Once you've heard me out, I'll leave you in as much peace as you're likely to get. I want you to return to the Shadows. I want you to continue your work for them. Then, one day, when I'm ready, I will destroy the entire organisation. And you, you will give me the information which I will need to ensure that none of its members escape me. Then, once your comrades are no more, I'll aid you in starting a new life, away from all this unpleasantness."

"They'll know. They'll kill me if I make a deal with you."

"Then tell them. Simply tell Ra's, or the Sensei, or whoever asks what I asked of you. Have a laugh at my foolishness. If I die or otherwise fail, you've lost nothing."

She looks like she's getting a better grip of herself. Hmm.

"He tried to deal, you know." Eyes narrow. "Your father, I mean. Implied that things would go badly for me if I didn't let him escape."

"If you're planning to pay him back, you're in the wrong place."

"You don't know the half of it, little girl."

The Sportsmaster Construct-Lantern materialises next to where she left the shopping. No orange beam connects us, though I don't imagine that she knows the significance of that fact. He's been quite useful as both an information source as well as a provider of training. Black Canary just doesn't teach certain things which I want to know.

Jade flicks her eyes at it, before dismissing it. "It's just another one of your constructs."

"'Fraid not, Little Girl. Orange Lantern here doesn't believe in killing useful people. Doesn't mean he always makes them an offer like you're getting."

"Would you like me to make him dance for you? Sing? Pretend to be a dog? His mind is more or less intact, but his desires are completely subservient to mine."

She lowers her knives, slightly. "You... You killed him."

"In a manner of speaking. We met on Santa Prisca, while he was trying to recover an enhanced form of Venom. Which I used. Potent stuff." I make a show of examining my right arm, turning my hand to watch the muscles move under the slabs of armoured flesh. "Jade, I'm trying to alter the world for the better, and I'm not afraid to get my hands dirty to do it. I would very much like you to be a part of the change. This man-" I look at the partially late Mister Crock. "-shouldn't define you. You shouldn't let your feelings toward him limit your own potential for growth. I can, and will, give you opportunities that the Shadows can only dream of."

I extend my right hand towards her.

"Will you join me?"

*Episode 07*: Acceptance

27th July
06:12 GMT -5

This early in the morning I don't think it's much of a risk to just fly to Alan's house, as long as I don't land in his garden or something. A quick look around to make sure there's no one in the immediate vicinity, and I land in a woodland in Isham Park before switching to civilian clothing.

I still don't know what he wants. He actually sent the message directly via the ring, rather than using the secure comm line. I knew that it was possible to do that from the comics and the animated series, but I had assumed it was intra-Corps only. Guess I was wrong about that. Unusual way to get woken up, particularly given that he said it wasn't that important, but I owe Alan a lot and if he wants he to visit early in the morning without telling me why, that's what I'm going to do.

I tense slightly when I see the expensive looking black car parked outside Alan's house, with a man whom I assume to be the chauffeur leaning against the bonnet reading a newspaper.

Ring?

No weapons detected.

Where's Alan?

I see his living room. He's sitting in the same chair he sat in when we first met. Another, more weather-beaten old man sits opposite. They're holding an animated discussion, but it seems to be good humoured. I don't recognise-.

The hell? He just turned to look at me, my perspective point on the image. I'm not even how is what?

Returning my full concentration to my surroundings, I pass the car, jog up the drive and open the door.

"He makes pretty good time, too."

The other man's voice.

I move down the corridor at stride-pace and open the door to the living room. Alan and whoever... Kent Nelson? Fate? Oh. Both turn their heads to look at me. Alan's in his standard shirt and jeans, but Mister Nelson's in a full suit. A walking stick is propped up against the settee. He lacks Alan's vigour, but he still looks good for a man of one hundred and six.

"Alan. Mister Nelson. Where's the fire?"

Mister Nelson lowers his head slightly, a wry smile on his lips.

Alan shrugs. "Paul, I said that it wasn't all that important. If you were still asleep-."

"I was woken up by a giant orange head coming out of the ring."

He pauses for a moment. "Uh, I didn't mean for it to be giant."

"I'm lucky there was no one in the room above me. The top half of your head was projected through the ceiling. I just saw a giant chin. Didn't even realise it was you to start with."

"Oh. Sorry about that."

"No, it's fine. I hadn't even realised that I could communicate with Green Lanterns that way. I'll have to see about prank calling Lantern Jordan or something."

Mister Nelson shuffles forward to the edge of his seat before rising to his feet. He offers me his right hand, and I shake it. He barely comes up to my shoulders, but his gaze is clear and slightly fierce, the mouth set of a man familiar with disappointment. His hand is cold, and bony.

"I was surprised when Alan told me he'd taken on an apprentice."

"I think I was a surprise to him as well."

"Wouldn't have worked in our day. No computer databases for your ring to sift through. Though I can see things like that'll be a problem, going forwards."

I turn and sit on the chair underneath the window. Mister Nelson gingerly lowers himself back into the settee.

"I wanted you to meet Kent while he was in the city. He's heading to the airport to catch a flight down to New Orleans in half an hour."

The older man smiles slightly. "Always happy to catch-."

"Kent! You! The scrying pool."

He looks at me quizzically. "I'm sorry kid, but you're going to have to be a bit more coherent than that."

"When I went to Themyscira. Diana told me that someone called 'Kent' created a scrying pool for her to communicate with home, back in the forties. I hadn't-" I wiggle my right index finger back and forth. "-made the connection between that and you until just now."

"Oh! I remember that thing. Must have taken weeks to get the darn thing to focus properly. Was worth it though, to see the smiles on her and her mother's faces."

"Did you ever try creating any others? I'd have thought that long distance communication with coloured images would have been very impressive, compared to nineteen forties technology."

He shakes his head. "It wouldn't have worked. Magala and I needed to be on hand at either end to keep it working when they wanted to speak as it was. There just weren't enough magic users around in those days to build a network." He sighs. "There's even less, today."

Magala?

"Don't the Atlanteans teach magic? Aqualad seemed to imply that it was fairly common where he's from."

"It's the wrong style, the wrong sort of approach. But, if things keep going as they are, I might need to hire an aqualung after all."

Alan nods at him. "Kent's going to-"

I hold up my hands. "Don't tell me, don't tell me! I've been practising this." I take a deep breath, and close my eyes. Ring, Ophidian's Eyes.

M'gann tells me that this application of the orange light makes my iris' look like those of a snake, glowing orange vertical slits. I can't see it myself, because it replaces my normal vision with images of the desires of whoever I look at, and mirrors don't want things. I know the Greenies can't do this.

I turn to Mister Nelson, and I'm assaulted by images. A woman... His wife? The Helm of Fate. A tower. An idea... There's no image, but I can feel-.

"That's about enough of that, I think." My vision returns to normal. Mister Nelson's raised his right hand in a 'halt' gesture, and a golden glowing ankh floating just in front of it. "Young man, looking into someone's soul isn't something you should do so casually."

Souls are a thing here?

"Oh. Sorry, I didn't think that was what it did."

I flick my eyes towards Alan. And get a shock. Mister Nelson didn't turn the Eyes off, he just blocked them from working on himself. And now I know exactly why Alan wanted me to have his lantern.

"Ring, end."

"You really didn't think calling up an elemental to take a look at a person's desires didn't involve looking into their soul?"

I'm still a bit stunned, and take a moment to respond. "Um, no. The Ophidian is the embodiment of avarice. I though... By the time a desire became part of him, it had been.. sort of.. projected? That it wasn't still in the person. So I'd be more looking at it than into whoever I was looking at."

He closes his hand, the ankh collapsing into gold flecks before completely fading. "I'll let you off, but that really isn't how it works." He turns to Alan. "Alan, you've still got a copy of my old book on elemental summoning, don't you?"

"Yeah?"

"Give it to Snake-Eyes here after I'm gone. I think he's going to need it." He turns back to me. "So? Tell me. What did you see?"

"Succession. The tower, and the Helm of Fate. You want an apprentice."

He smiles, and shakes his head. "No, I'm too old for an apprentice."

He pulls his pocket watch out of his pocket and opens it. Not sure why, there's a perfectly good wall clock.

"I need someone who can take over the whole thing, as soon as possible. I don't have all that much time left. And now, my best chance is to go down to Louisiana and talk to someone who's probably going to turn out to be another carnival huckster." He puts the watch away. "Offered it to Zatara first, but he didn't want it. Can't say I blame him. Working with Nabu isn't exactly the most pleasant experience in the world. All the others I've spoken to, they either felt the same way, or just didn't have what it takes. Now I spend most of my time chasing rumours. Still, I'm glad to meet you. If Alan can get someone to take up his lantern, then there's hope for me yet."

Think. Think. Adult magic users he could give it to. Only one name comes to mind. "Did you ever consider John Constantine?" I've done some research on him. Paper records aren't as easy to look through with a power ring as electronic ones, but it can still be done. What I've been able to get -including witness testimonies from the incident which sent him to Ravenscar- appears to match my recollection of the comics. To completely confirm I'd have to track down the other people who were there, and that certainly won't be easy.

He glowers at me. "No."

"Wait, you actually know who he is?"

"Yes, and I'd prefer my heir to have a slightly lower body count. And not to have spent any time in a secure mental institution."

"I'm sure you know as well as I do that sometimes, in this line of work, deaths are not avoidable. And as far as I know he's fully recovered, mentally."

Mister Nelson looks away, grimacing. "Do you know what he did to get sent there? How many people died in the Casanova Club Massacre?"

Wait. He's blaming Constantine for Newcastle? I checked that stuff bloody thoroughly, and nothing I could find indicated any deviation from what I remember.

"Yes, and apparently I know it rather better than you do. John Constantine and his colleagues arrived at the Casanova Club after the majority of deaths had already happened. As you say, there aren't that many magic users around these days, and they'd heard that the owner, one Alexander Logue, was one of them. When they got inside they found his ritual space a charnel house, the only one unharmed his daughter, Astra Logue. Upon further investigation, it turned out that she'd been sexually abused by her father's entire cult, for years. And when they brought her to their latest 'party', she snapped, and somehow managed to summon some sort of.. dukh... The witness reports I read described it as looking like a giant, inside out dog. Constantine decides that the only way to destroy such a creature is to summon and bind a demon of their own, but he makes a mistake during the ritual and rather than a weak, pliant demon bound to their will they manage to get Nergal, with no bindings in place at all. Nergal kills the dog thing, more for his own amusement than anything else, knocks Constantine around a bit, then drags Astra physically into hell. Constantine tried to pull her back, but just gets one of her arms through the portal before Nergal closes it, slicing it off. John Constantine was then remanded to Ravenscar Secure Hospital, where the guards took turns in beating him. For two years. I know he messed up, and you can be bloody sure he does, but I think at this point he's served his time. And I know all this because I actually investigated it, rather than doing what the police did in grabbing a mentally ill witness and blaming the whole thing on him."

"The police..."

"The police aren't trained to deal with stuff like that! Most of them don't even believe that magic is real. They just decided that the whole group were lying, despite the fact that their testimonies corroborated each other. The only reason Constantine went down for it was because he was still holding her severed arm when the police arrived."

"Paul, take it easy." Alan's voice. I'm standing. I'm standing over Mister Nelson. I didn't really think about getting up. I got so angry I just...

Breath out. Step back. Sit down. "I'm sorry. I think I got a bit carried away there."

I can't read Mister Nelson's expression. He not exactly happy about my outburst, that's plain. But I think he's thinking about it. "That's alright. Things like that will make any decent man angry." He considers it some more. "You understand, I'll have to check everything you've said for myself. But if it pans out, then once I get back from Louisiana I'll probably be travelling to London next."

"Thank you."

"I'm not saying that I'll choose him. Even if the Casanova Club wasn't his doing, I've still heard a lot of bad things about John Constantine."

"A lot of them are probably true. He's intelligent, cunning, and by now he's experienced. But he's not particularly powerful, and he's had to fight things that are. He's had to choose a lot of... 'least bad' options."

A nod. He looks a little like he's sizing me up. "You know, when Alan said that your ring was powered by avarice, I imagined that you'd be rather different."

"I get that a lot. But having seen what happened to the head of my Corps, I have no desire to be consumed by the orange light."

"Not interested in taking up the mantle of Fate yourself?"

Alan interjects. "Hey, he's my apprentice. Hands off!"

"Heh, no, sir. As far as I know magic doesn't even exist in my parallel. I know only what I've read about it since getting here."

He frowns at that, then waves his right hand in front of his face. When it passes, his eyes glow white. Then it's his turn to be shocked. He jerks back, blinks, and his eyes return to normal.

"My God..."

Did he just see the Ophidian? I bloody hope not. "Give it to me straight, doctor. How long do I have?"

He shakes his head. "You're not ill. That wasn't what I was looking for." He takes a moment, organising his thoughts. "Are you a religious man?"

"Hah. Hardcore Dawkinsian atheist, me."

"I'm.. not sure what that means."

"Richard Dawkins? British biologist and atheist philosopher?" Blank looks from both Alan and Mister Nelson. "Guess he doesn't exist in this parallel. No, I don't believe in gods."

"Hate to break it to you kid, but I've spoken to several gods who would probably take issue with that."

"You've spoken to jumped up elementals with delusions of grandeur. There are no gods."

A pause, as he considers what I said. "Interesting way of looking at it. Well, since you asked me to be blunt; the world is full of magic. Even if they don't train at it, virtually everyone has some magic as part of them. In layman's terms, their soul."

I can see where this is going. "And I don't have one. Because I come from a place where magic doesn't exist."

"That would be my guess. I've seen a few people like that before, but they were the victims of magic attacks, and they didn't live very long afterwards."

I don't know what to think. If I've never had one, then nothing's changed. Be practical. "What does that mean for me?"

"In the short term, because as far as magic is concerned there's no definition for 'you', you'll have no resistance to magic effects at all. Alan told me about what happened when you went to the Temple of Gaea."

Ah, hell.

"You can expect that sort of thing to happen whenever you spend time in an area of high background magic."

Ah, hell.

"You'll also be much more vulnerable to offensive magic than most, although your ring shields should be unaffected."

"Any advice?"

"I'm afraid not. I've... I've never seen anything quite like it. It may well be that you'll start to develop one naturally, now that you're in a universe that has magic in it. Or, it could be that you just don't have the right, for want of a better word, the right 'parts' for it."

"No, I mean practical advice. I will be fighting magic users at some point."

His hand goes to his chin as he ponders the idea. "You might be able to get hold of some sort of artifact that could shield you. Ah, if I had a couple of months I could probably put one together myself, but..."

"You don't have time. Don't worry, I understand. I'm sure I can sort something out."

19th August
15:59 GMT -5

Belle Reve is not easy to reach on foot.

For very good reasons, it's a long way from anything else, and I decided that just flying right in would not be polite. Though the anti-aircraft guns, missiles, and soldiers on guard duty don't pose much of a threat to me, I want to make it clear that I am cooperating as much as possible. League records state that this place has a brute force teleportation jammer and that Giovanni Zatara warded the grounds against magic attack. Superman himself tested the strength of the walls.

They really should have asked the Lanterns to help out with it as well.

I land about three hundred meters from the first checkpoint, and switch to my suit. Just to complete the professional image I've added an Orange Lantern Corps tie and belt buckle. Or maybe those make me look like a prat. The guards on duty in the booth can clearly see me, and I did phone ahead to arrange this. The road up to the entrance is completely straight, and I can see where the trees on either side have been cut back to clear fields of vision.

Hands in my pockets, I start to walk.

The fact that I phoned ahead is most likely why they aren't scrambling to assemble a squad at the outer gate. I timed things so that I could get here just after normal visiting hours. I don't want to disrupt things if I can help it. I also don't want to get marked out by the harridan who runs the place: Amanda Waller. Unlike in the comics she came up through the FBI, rather than the CIA. She specialised in metahuman crime and containment, and this prison is her baby.

I considered the comic and Justice League Unlimited versions of her utterly loathsome, her paranoia causing suffering on a scale most supervillains only dream about. Here, she doesn't appear to have done anything of that sort, though I get the impression she doesn't like superheroes all that much. You'd have thought that she'd be resigned to us existing by now, given that it's been seventy years since the formation of the Justice Society and how -aside from a blip during the Second World War- the American government has never had direct control over its caped population.

As I get closer I smile and wave with my right hand at the guards. They don't wave back, but the nearest does nod before picking up a phone handset. Checking that I have authorisation, presumably. There are fortified watchtowers just inside the perimeter, but the outer gate is merely mildly military in appearance. Three armed police accompanied by two Alsatians pass in front of me. I get a couple of strange looks, but a friendly smile and a wave seem to reassure them. I have an existence on official paperwork, but I'm not active enough in the open to be recognised by the general public.

The chap on the phone lowers it as I step in front of the booth. The woman next to him looks me over with a slightly incredulous expression.

"What, no costume?"

"I didn't really think it was appropriate."

Surprise. "Didn't realise you'd be English."

Best fake Carolinian accent.

"I don't rightly know why folks keep makin' that mistake. Ah was born in Raleigh, North Carolina."

She splutters with laughter. Fellow next to her just looks slightly confused. "Identification, please."

Diana gave me a 'Justice League Affiliate' photo ID. All it really means officially is that I'm helping them with an investigation. It has my picture, title and identification number, as well as a couple of authentication devices that are quite sophisticated by Earth standards. It also has the phone number of the Themysciran embassy in case they want to check. Legally, it means bugger all for me, but the League's deal with the UN includes the right to interrogate prisoners held by signatory nations, and places an obligation on those nations to allow it. There are get-outs, but for the most part even people like Waller don't make a fuss about it.

I place the ID on the indicated spot, and the panel swivels to take it inside. I then start playing 'spot the camera', but give up when I get to twelve. He looks at the card, and runs it through a scanner. In the distance to my right I can see the squat mass of the prison itself. Looks like a giant upturned bowl of concrete, though I know it's more sophisticated than that. Between here and there just off the main road sits a medium sized rectangular building next to which sits a vehicle that looks like a cross between a bus and an armoured van.

"Reason for visit."

Back to my natural accent. "Following up on a case with an inmate, one Jade Nguyen. Is inmate the proper term if they're awaiting trial, but haven't been convicted?"

"If they're inside, they're an inmate."

"You're the expert. So.. can I go in?"

He hands to card to the female guard, who takes a look, visually comparing me to the image. Is this some sort of intimidation thing? That photo was only taken four days ago, and my face doesn't change.

She hands the card back to her male cohort, who puts it on the swivel plate and returns it to me. "Keep it handy; they'll want to see it again at the main gate."

The male guard picks up the phone again, and a moment later there's a buzz and the small pedestrian side gate opens. As I step through I take a look at the distance to the prison.

"Is it going to wind everyone up if I fly there? Just along the ground, I mean."

The female guard smiles. "This is a no-flights zone, 'Orange Lantern'. But, the bus bringing the regular visitors should be coming this way in a minute or two. Head on up to the sheep dip building over there and you can catch a lift back."

"Why would the bus stop there?"

"We have to search everyone before they leave, then we move them on to another bus in case they had anything stowed away. Can't be too careful. The prison-side bus can give you a lift back to the prison. Warden doesn't want you here any longer than you have to be."

I renew my smile. "I understand her attitude completely. Thank you for your assistance."

I give a shallow bow, then turn and continue walking. There appear to be two rings of thin rectangular watchtowers, one a hundred or so metres out from the walls of the prison, and the other just inside the outer fence. I can see gun turrets both in the manned section at the top, and another set of turrets which must either be camera controlled or automated positioned about a third of the way down.

Ah. Those ones are tracking me. I give them a nervous wave, and make sure that my environmental shield is still in place. I'm not completely convinced that it could hold off weapons of that calibre at its current near-invisible level.

The 'sheep dip' building is only thirty metres inside the outer fence. I decide to wait leaned up against the wall on the prison side. I can see the bus leaving the prison gate now. The gate is a huge thing which rises up inside the outer wall when open. Hmm. Doesn't look that secure. Wouldn't some sort of turntable arrangement be better?

Out of curiosity I give today's visitors a look over. The ring identifies them all easily, but most only have a single line of text in Justice League files describing their relationship to the inmate. A few have minor convictions, but nothing that really warrants my attent-.

Hello, I know you.

Lisa Snart, better known to the world at large and the skating community in particular as Lisa Star. Better known to me as the sister of Leonard Snart, aka Captain Cold. I check, but there doesn't appear to be anything untoward about her visit. Her Golden Glider identity doesn't exist here and her record is completely clear. Social service records from Central City appear to indicate that their father's abusive behaviour does carry over from the comics. A real shame, that whole situation.

Ooh, you've got more than a line of text. Hello, Huntress.

The bus has wheelchair access at the back, but the guard decides to be an arsehole and get everyone else off and into the building first, leaving her sitting there. The access is probably how they got prisoners who couldn't be allowed to move under their own power on and off before this armoured van was repurposed as a bus.

"Can I give you a hand there?"

She looks up from her lap, taking me in without altering her facial expression. "Ah, well, if you would mind..?"

She looks over at the control mechanism for the lift. It's too far behind her for her to reach and still be on the lift. Eh. My construct picks her up by her wheelchair and softly places her on the tarmac.

"Oh..."

She's in her late forties now, but she was really quite attractive as a younger woman. She's been out of prison for under three weeks and I just got her daughter arrested. And her husband. I should probably talk to her.

I smile. "Good afternoon, Missus Crock."

Heck, she probably spent her six year sentence... ah. No, I suppose her injuries would have made that unnecessary.

I wonder if Jade mentioned me?

"Orange Lantern two eight one four, at your service." She's looking at me more carefully now. There's a wariness to it. "It is Crock, right? Jade said she was using your maiden name..?"

I didn't even think about... Yep, Lawrence Crock's in the prison up ahead. Would she have been visiting him?

"How do you know my daughter?"

Sharper. How do I explain it..? Right index finger raised I open my mouth, then close it. Full explanation, probably unwise.

"I... Kind of arrested her. I mean, I don't actually.. have.. powers of arrest on Earth, so, detained until the police arrived?"

She blinks. "Oh."

I point to the prison with both index fingers. "You.. were visiting her, right? 'Cause-."

"Yes. Yes I was." She nods, then looks away. "Why are you here?"

'Because I wanted to apologise for nearly throttling your daughter to death' probably isn't the right answer.

"Well, I know that recidivism rates are lower for inmates with good social networks outside prison. I... I guess most people Jade knows are with the League of Shadows and I don't think they're a good influence, so.. I thought I'd... Y'know.. try and help? I mean, she might not even be in all that long."

That surprised her. She's looking me right in the eyes. She's probably quite a good judge of character, but it's a skill that's wasted on me. I wasn't exactly complex before getting the ring, and I've even less motive for subterfuge now. Want to do it, do it.

I give her a smile. She considers. "I'm not sure she'll want to talk to you."

I shrug. "Doesn't really cost me anything. But we did.. sort of.. have a conversation before I knocked her out."

"You knocked my daughter out?"

"Urm..." Didn't think that through. "W.. well, technically the construct I used just paralysed her. It's pretty much the lowest level of force I can use to end a fight. And she used poisoned lipstick on me first!"

Maybe shouldn't have mentioned that. Oh, no, she doesn't' seem bothered.

"Poisoned lipstick." She shakes her head slightly. "That takes me back."

"Hey!"

Oh, the guard's back. As he stomps toward me rifle in hand I hold out my identification card. He snatches it out of my hand and glowers at it. I risk a slight smile. I want to seem friendly and helpful, but not smirky and irritating.

"Oh, it's you. You missed visiting hour."

"The Warden was kind enough to agree to allow me to conduct an interview outside of normal visiting hours."

He glares at me. Is that eyeballing? For goodness sake, I'm taller than you, more muscular, and I have a power ring. How scary do you think you are?

He thrusts the card back at me. I take it.

"Thank you."

He turns his attention back to Mrs Crock. Oh, you better not...

"Ma'am, if you could come with me please?"

Huh. I guess it's just me he has a problem with, then.

She puts her hands on her chair's wheels and pushes a quarter turn, then stops them and turns her head to me.

"Orange Lantern, thank you. I don't want my daughter taking the same path that I did, and I'm grateful for what you're trying to do."

"It's not a problem."

A slight nod, and she resumes wheeling herself towards the building, the guard in tow.

Right. Bus.

I walk around to the door at the front. The woman I assume to be the driver is standing outside, talking to another armed guard.

"Excuse me?"

"Through there."

She points to the building. Oh, for goodness sake. Light armour.

"I'm not visiting. I'm conducting an interview. I've already presented my authorisation, but here it is again anyway." I wave my card at them. "I'd very much appreciate a lift up to the prison. I've rather picked up that I'm here on sufferance, and I suspect that the Warden would rather I got in, conducted my business and left, as soon as possible. Can you help me?"

Surprise. They look at each other for a moment, and the guard indicated with a slight inclination of his head that it's her decision. "Yeah, of course."

"Thank you. I appreciate it."

I turn back and step aboard the bus.

I'm sitting in the seat just behind and to the left of the driver. The bus has actual seats, rather than the benches which the prisoner transports have. I suppose it's from the space they save stripping out the power suppression tech. I'm slightly curious about whether or not those collars would work on a power ring. Maybe they couldn't block if I was wearing it, but could prevent me summoning it? If the Greenies haven't volunteered to be guinea pigs, I'm not breaking ranks.

The main door opens with a very loud whirring, and we pull into the middle of an open area inside the prison.

"Looks like the Warden wants to speak with you."

A look out of the windows on the opposite side shows a stern looking Amanda Waller flanked by two guards. Unlike the other guards I've seen, they have full body armour and plasma guns.

Why plasma? Surely coil guns are easier to make?

I get up, suit up and step off the bus to meet her.

"That's close enough." Waller's voice. I stop, having just stepped around the side of the bus. The two guards have their guns levelled at my chest. I really couldn't take a shot from those with my shield at its current strength, so I strengthen it into visibility. The guards tense slightly as I do this, but return to normal when nothing else happens. "Check him."

Another guard, similarly armoured, runs forward. In place of a gun she carries what looks like a hand held metal detector. I hold out my identification card, but this is ignored. She runs the metal detector thing over my legs, torso, arms and finally around my head. Then she steps back.

"Sorry Warden, can't scan through his shield."

"Hmpf."

"Is there some sort of problem?"

"Yeah. You, in my prison."

Sigh.

"Warden Waller, I want to talk to one woman, for an hour at most. Then, I'm out of your hair. I don't want to cause any trouble."

This version of Waller isn't as fat as the others I am aware of. Her hair is tied back into a tight ponytail. Mine was like that, before I came here. I had thought that I liked it, but if it didn't survive the ring transforming me I must have been less keen than I thought I was.

"Fine."

The guns are lowered, and I reduce my shield strength. Waller motions forward a man behind her.

Okay. This guy actually is a little intimidating.

"Assistant Deputy Warden Bendemann. Show him to the prisoner."

He catches my eye. "If you'll follow me please?"

He leads me to a blast door, then places his right hand on a palm scanner. A glowing line moves from the top to the bottom, before the device chirps and confirms him. His name -Bendemann, A- and his rank appear at the bottom of the scanner. Next, he leans forward and peers into a device that somewhat resembles the fifty-pence-to-operate binoculars that I remember occupying seaside viewpoints during my youth. Haven't seen them for a while. Lastly, he raises his hand to his personal communicator.

"ADW Bendemann, moving to corridor adjacent to visitor room B, one guest."

A moment, a clunk, and then the blast door slides to the side. Gosh, that's thick.

He steps forward into the corridor. It's narrow, and lined with metal. At the other end is another door like the one he just passed. Can't see anything dangerous. I walk after him, and the door closes once I'm through.

For a moment, I feel a slight.. pressure..? On my shield. Doesn't seem to be an attack. "So, do you have to talk to a control room to get through every door?"

He looks back at me. "No. Just the ones leading to either a high security zone or an external door. The control room's off-site, so even if the prison got completely taken over, the inmates couldn't open the doors."

"Well, I'm impressed."

He doesn't smile, but his face does take on a slightly satisfied air.

Then the alarms go off.

"Blaarp blaarp blaarp blaarp blaarp blaarp blaarp blaarp ..."

The ring adds noise filters to my ears, but Bendemann's still getting the full volume. He pulls his communicator up to his mouth with his right hand and covers his left ear with his left. "God damn it, what..! Well of course it doesn't work on him, you think he couldn't..! Yes, of course you-" The alarms cut off. "-should... Thank you."

He puts the communicator back on his belt, and snorts derisively. "Usually we scan everyone going in. Obviously, you're blocking it, and Control decided to be a bunch of circle jerkers and follow the normal procedure. I'll have words with whoever's supposed to be supervising them later."

"Thank you. Um, you know that compared to the ring, any other weapon I'm carrying is more or less decoration, right?"

"Yeah. I've seen Green Lantern in action."

"Which one? I'm being tutored by two of them."

"The black guy." He places his palm on the scanner for the next door.

"You know, he's the only one I haven't actually met yet."

I haven't had a proper conversation with Lantern Jordan, but we've been in the same place a couple of times. I think I make him uncomfortable. Maybe I should ask Lantern Gardner about how the Corps is responding to me.

Iris recognition next, then the communicator.

"ADW Bendemann, moving to visitor room B, one guest."

The door opens, and grants us access to a large oblong room, divided in two by a wall below and a clear screen from waist height. On either side of the screen is a line of bare metal chairs, fixed to the floor, with dividers separating them into cubical. On the visitor side is a telephone handset, while on the inmate side a speaker and microphone are built into a the dividing wall.

In addition to the Assistant Deputy Warden, there is another armed and armoured guard on this side, and two on the prisoner side. Jade hasn't been brought through yet. Or should that be brought back through? It isn't all that long since she spoke to her mother. I was half expecting them to have left her here. I have a quick look around, then walk over and take the seat opposite the prisoner side door. And here I though I'd get a nice interview room or something. I'll have to ask if this is standard, or if the Warden's just being truculent.

The security here looks pretty good. One of their proudest boasts -and one which I've learned that they repeat to every new inmate- is that Superman can't break through their walls. That may be true, though I suspect that he could given time, but all of these electronics are child's play to a power ring. If one of these people ever gets selected by a ring, they're in big trouble. Even the stuff that isn't accessible without tearing through the armoured walls can be manipulated remotely with these things, and off the top of my head I can't think of a way to prevent it. Maybe, some sort of enchantment? But that would mean messing about with the general purpose wards. Some sort of telepathic network, like the Genomorphs?

The guards on the prisoner side become more alert, and I hear a buzz as the door unlocks, then slides open.

Jade comes out first. There are chains around her ankles and wrists, and those chains are linked together with more chain. She's wearing an orange jumpsuit, and her hair's straight and tied back. She looks different, in the light.

She scans the room. I raise my left hand and give a royal wave. She blinks in confusion, then staggers forward a pace as the guard behind her pushes her out. She glances back and for a second forms a half-snarl, before biting it down and walking over to the chair across from mine.

"Afternoon Jade."

The guard who escorted her takes up station next to the door. We aren't getting privacy, but at least we can pretend they aren't listening to everything we say.

She regards me blankly for a moment. "I didn't expect to see you here."

No real life in her voice as she says it. I suppose it doesn't pay to wear your heart on your sleeve in a place like this.

"Turns out, I can request an interview with any prisoner I want." I put the tips of the three central fingers of my right hand against the screen. "Biscuit?"

I'm not completely happy with my latest triple chocolate batch, but from what I remember prison food is usually fairly bad. The biscuit appears from subspace on the other side of the screen, and she stares at it for a moment.

"Jade, it's no more poisoned than the last one was."

"Why are you here?"

Her face hasn't really changed, but there's a definite edge to her voice. Okay, lets just say it.

"I wanted to apologise. I feel that I used excessive force to bring you down at the end, and I certainly shouldn't have said... What I said. I did it, because I was very angry about the poisoned lipstick thing, but I should never have let you get into a position where you could use it. My own.. inexperience..."

Her face has shifted slightly, though I'm not sure whether it's to confusion or incredulity. "What did you say?"

"You didn't hear?"

"I was too busy trying not to suffocate."

"Oh. Um, then, does it really matter?"

"You came here because of it."

Stern, this time. Now I'm blushing. My eyes drop. "Um, alright. It was something like, 'Stop struggling, I've seen this film and it doesn't end well for the Asian woman'."

She blinks, incredulous.

"I know, I'm sorry, it was a disgusting thing to-."

"Hahahahahahahahaha!"

...and breath out.

I roll my eyes.

"Well, if I'd known you were going to find it funny..."

A genuine smile. I think. "Are you even allowed to watch that kind of movie?"

For a horrifying moment I imagine Diana walking in on me watching La Blue Girl. Would she count as a strong female protagonist..? No, no, don't think about it.

"Probably not encouraged to, no."

She breaks off part of the biscuit with her right hand, and puts it into her mouth. She crunches down, and chews. "You know, I thought you were just trying to get information out of me. But this is actually how you are, isn't it?"

She could have waited until she'd swallowed to say that? Eww.

"Yes, pretty much. I mean, we were trying to get information out of you as well."

She stops chewing for a moment. "The Martian."

"Just because you can't see them, doesn't mean they're not there. Counting pi was working, mostly." I shrug. "Sorry."

She shakes her head. "Ugh, no, I should have kept my guard up. And don't worry about the... The tentacles." She suppresses another laugh. "I've been hit worse in training than you hit me. How were you still moving?"

"What, 'cause of the poison? The ring could easily remove-."

"No, while it was still affecting you. I thought you'd either shrug it off or fall over. As it was I had to jump off the roof to avoid about a hundred orange arrows flying at me."

"I.. don't.. remember that bit too clearly. I think I meant them as a gift, but I was pretty out of it."

Another biscuit fragment.

"A gift."

She's worse than my granddad was.

"I sort of focused on how pretty the feathers on Artemis' arrows were. Artemis, that's the blonde with the bow you were talking to just before I caught up with you."

Quizzical. "Are you supposed to tell me her name?"

Eh? "Come on, that's not her real name, is it? Who's going to actually name their daughter Artemis? An Amazon?"

Oh. I think that biscuit went down the wrong way.

"So, anyway, to my drug addled brain, you avoiding her arrows meant that you didn't like them, so I needed to make prettier ones."

"The, the <cough>, the drug is supposed to work within a few seconds."

"I was enjoying our conversation, so the ring worked to keep me awake. Since it didn't occur to me that a drug could be administered that way, I didn't tell the ring to guard against it, and once it started affecting my mental state I mostly stopped caring. One of my team mates had to prompt me to get me to cleanse my system."

"Isn't that a pretty big weakness?"

"Yes, it is. So I'm actually grateful that I found out about it fighting you. You know, rather than someone who could actually threaten me." A brief scowl from her. "Why'd you pick me up anyway?"

"I didn't think this 'Artemis' would fire on one of her own team mates. Fortunately, your armour was arrow proof."

I nod. "Arrows and small calibre b- wait, she shot me?" Did I tell her that was safe?

Scowl replaced with sinister smile. "A couple of times."

"Was I still glowing orange at this point?"

"Yeees?"

"Eh, s'fine then. So, other point of my visit. Your mum's out of prison; I bumped into her on the way in. Your dad's in prison, -about eighty meters in that direction, actually- and with his record not likely to get out soon, if ever. I'm not asking you to betray any information you have about the League of Shadows, because I know you won't. But, both your mother and I would like to encourage you to disassociate yourself from them. What would it take to persuade you to do that?"

She avoids my gaze, and slumps slightly. For a good thirty seconds, she says nothing. Then, slowly, she looks up. "More cookies than you've got."

I cross my arms. "Well, excuse me if I try anyway."

Okay, a bit more than an hour.

"Recognised, Orange Lantern, B zero six."

Turns out, Jade hadn't seen her mum in years. And given that her mum really wasn't shy about telling her what she thought of her career choice, she actually preferred talking to me. I'm playing nice cop to someone's own mother.

Guess I've got the not-seen-your-mother-for-years thing to look forward to.

Oh, someone's sparring, and from the look of them they've been at it for a while. Kon has his t-shirt off, muscles on his heroically proportioned torso glistening with sweat. Donna's in her tight-fitting work-out gear, her hair either tied back in a bun or plastered across her face where it's escaped. They're both breathing hard.

Donna's actual combat uniform is a black bodysuit with some sort of wire mesh under the material, and with silver bracers matching Diana's gold ones. We found out quickly that it gave her a rather substantial advantage over Kon during training, so she's decided not to wear it. I really have to ask Diana what the metal is. There's no conventional material that can survive those sort of forces, let alone protect against them.

Kaldur, Wallace, M'gann and Artemis are spectating, while Diana calls out instructions to the fighters, correcting their postures and attacks. This is training for Donna as well as Kon, as without her armour she is noticeably less resilient than he is and her skills are tested evading and deflecting his attacks.

As I watch, Donna dives at Kon's legs, pushing off with her left leg, falling towards the floor then shooting forwards. One of her many areas of skill is in being able to switch between flight and walking with no gaps between states. Fighting against her forces you to rethink how people shaped objects can move.

Kon seems to find that much easier than Kaldur or I do. Wallace never stood a chance. He seems to find her somewhat distracting.

Kon crouches slightly as she launches, guards, then hops forward and stomps down hard on her most likely vector, forcing her to pull out of her attack. She spins away and tries to sweep him. He counters by kneeling, catching her leg and yanking her across in front of him. He swings a punch, and she rolls under it and attempts an arm lock.

"Don't anchor yourself in place when fighting a stronger opponent!"

Thing about supernatural toughness and stamina? They can carry on like that for hours. Diana doesn't believe in the whole 'fight's-over-if-you-hit-the-ground' thing, and Donna likes to get her money's worth while she's actually here.

The others are still watching the fight, but Artemis is sparing the time to scowl at me. I walk over to them.

"Sooo. How long have they been at it?"

"About forty minutes." Wallace takes a bite of his hotdog. "You know, if it was anyone other than Donna hogging the arena, I'd probably complain."

"Kon-El, she's baiting you. You're getting too aggressive."

Kon lunges forwards anyway, goes too far and gets an elbow to the back of the neck. He drops to all fours, turning as he does so and lashing out with his right arm in a wild swing. Donna doesn't get out of range quite fast enough and takes a glancing blow which knocks her spinning. She tumbles through the air before bringing herself under control just in front of us.

"Hey Paul."

"Good evening Donna. Nice to have you with us."

I meet her eyes with a nod and a smile. A glance to the side reveals that Wallace is taking the opportunity to ogle her chest. Fortunately, she's turned her attention back to Kon, and flies back into the fray.

"Yeah, soo not complaining."

I roll my eyes, and pat him on the shoulder. "Stay classy, Wallace."

Passing Kaldur, I walk over to M'gann and Artemis.

"Hi Paul! Where have you been all afternoon?"

"Prison. Belle Reve. I wanted to visit Jade."

M'gann looks a little concerned. "I'm not sure that's a good idea. You know she just kissed you so she could get away, right?"

"Yes, I had realised that."

"Did she even want to talk to you?"

Yep, still angry.

"Artemis, part of the reason why I went was so that I could apologise for the whole tentacle crush thing. She said that she'd been hit harder in training."

Artemis flinches slightly. Maybe she's more sympathetic than I've been giving her credit for? Don't think I'll mention the Asian-tentacle thing. If Jade didn't hear it then I doubt that Artemis did.

"It took you this long to apologise?"

"No, we moved on to talking about other things. Lantern Gardn-."

"What other things?"

"Oh, nothing secret or anything. A little about me, where I come from. A bit about weapons; she wanted to make sure I used the correct names for her knives in my report. We eventually got onto her relationship with her parents; I'd bumped into her mother going in, and her dad was-."

Artemis is staring at me. "Why were you talking about this with her anyway?"

"Well, Lantern Gardner used to work in prison counselling, and he told me that inmates who have good social support outside prison have a better chance of not reoffending. I mean, the supervillain rehabilitation rate in this country is basically zero, so if we want to avoid doing this all again in a year or two, we should really put some effort into.. finding.. productive... What?"

Artemis is still staring at me, but now she's leaning into it.

I smile nervously, catch M'gann's eye and make a small shrug.

"You went to Belle Reve?"

"Yes?"

"To talk to Cheshire?"

"Yes?"

"And she didn't say anything about..." She stops for a moment, and looks away. "You didn't ask anything about the League of Shadows?"

"No, I didn't really ask about them. I mean, M'gann already took everything Jade knew, and it's not as if the identity of their leader is a secret or anything. Look, is there something you want to tell me? Because you've been in a mood with me since we fought her. Did she.. say something to you? Because she didn't mention you at all."

Back to the staring, but it's less aggressive now. Huh. I'll have to ask Jade what she said next time I visit.

There's a loud thump from the arena as Kon lands hard on his back and doesn't immediately get up again.

"Kon, you alright?"

"Great!" He goes to push himself up. "Ow."

Diana holds up her right hand. "I think that's enough for today. Kon-El, you're improving, but you need to work on keeping your aggression in check. Your eagerness to strike your opponent leaves you open to their counter attack."

He nods in response, pushing himself into a sitting position. His breathing rate has already returned to normal.

"Donna, you need to work on using your opponent's blind spots. You're too keen on attacking directly and forfeiting your advantage in agility."

She just nods. She's panting harder than Kon is, but less than I would be pre-ringing after a two hundred metre jog.

Whaw, I was unfit.

The arena light shuts down, and Donna walks over to offer Kon a hand up. He smiles as he takes it. I don't understand it, but he seems to really enjoy this sort of thing. I still have unarmed combat lessons with Black Canary, and they just make me hurt. She tried to motivate me by comparing what I can do unarmed with what Lanterns Jordan and Stewart can do, but all that really tells me is that they're focusing on things that don't matter. Or maybe they do matter to a green ring? Not sure. My sessions with Lantern Gardner are much more useful, though even more harrowing. I was still shaking a good half hour after the last one.

Fixing minor cuts and bruises with is easy with this ring, but dampening down the psychological effect of a constant green energy beam barrage is not so easy. I used to wonder why Dragonball Z characters ever used that sort of bombardment when all of the worthwhile damage was done with slower, more powerful attacks. Now I know: shell shock. Until you get used to it -and I still haven't- when you're under attack like that it's very difficult to think anything more complex than 'shitshitshitshitshitshitshit!'. That actually helps my armour in the short term, but would have cost me a real fight before too long.

There's a hum and a hiss from the roof, and the iris door to Red Tornado's room opens. It's directly above the arena for some reason. Wouldn't it be much more practical for it to be located off to one side? What if he wanted to get out and the sparring bout was still going on? Would stairs really be so bad? I had a look when I was taking bits of Mister Twister up there, and it's just an engineering workshop. I didn't even see any personal mementos. Alan's got a couple of rooms full of that sort of stuff.

Red Tornado himself drops down to the ground, and the iris closes behind him. The force of winds needed to keep someone of his weight aloft must be immense, but outside the red blur that surrounded his legs there was barely a breeze. He walks over to Diana, and I can just hear his-. No. No eavesdropping.

Wallace decides to take the initiative anyway. In a blur he's inside their personal space. "Do you have a mission for us?"

Red Tornado rotates his head in Wallace's direction. "Mission assignments are the Batman's responsibility."

"Yeah, well 'the Batman's' with 'the Robin' doing the dynamic duo thing in Gotham. But you're going somewhere, right? Hot date? Or a mish-shon?"

Red Tornado pauses for a moment, and then turns his head toward Diana. She considers. "It can't hurt. I was going to ask Donna and Paul to accompany me anyway."

I know that Red Tornado ended up married in the comics, but I haven't noticed much of an inclination toward social interaction while he's been here. Alan told me that he used to be the only member of the old Justice Society who lived on site, and that he had never known him to have a recreational pursuit.

Red Tornado steps away, and activated one of the holographic computer interfaces. As the rest of us congregate around it, there's a hum, and a picture of Mister Nelson appears on the screen.

"This is Kent Nelson. A friend of Wonder Woman and myself. He is one hundred and six years old."

Wallace leans over to me. "Guy doesn't look a day over ninety."

I shrug. "Alan could pass for forty."

"And he has been missing for twenty three days."

Ring?

Confirmed. One day after visitation.

Darn.

"Kent was a charter member of the Justice Society, the precursor to the Justice League."

A picture of a younger Mister Nelson in full Fate costume replaces the image of the old man on the screen.

"Of course. Nelson was Earth's sorcerer supreme. He was Doctor Fate!"

Sounds like Kaldur's done half the reading.

Wallace isn't impressed. "Pff. More like Doctor Fake. Guy knows a little advanced science and 'Dumbledore's'-" He actually made the air quote gesture. "-it up to scare the bad guys and impress the babes."

"You realise you're talking to someone using a ring powered by his emotional state, right?"

"Yeah, but-."

"Kent may simply be on one of his... 'Walkabouts'. But he is caretaker to the Helmet of Fate, the source of the Doctor's mystic might, and it is unwise to leave such power unguarded."

"He is like the great sorcerer priests and priestesses of Mars. I would be honored to help find him."

Add researching Martian magic and religion to the slate. I've found that I can add things to my notebooks while they're in subspace. No idea how that works.

Wallace raises a hand enthusiastically. "Me too."

Not surprised. I imagine that Mister Nelson and Mister Garrick would have been friends, and Wallace seemed to admire the first Flash.

"Soo honored I can barely stand it."

Oh. No, he's just planning to hit on M'gann again.

"Magic." He makes the horns. "Rocks."

Hasn't he had even a basic induction session on the nature and uses of magic? We've done melee combat and criminal investigation, I assumed that magic lessons were further in to the curriculum. I've tried to do some reading, and the book's belonging to Mister Nelson that Alan gave me were helpful, but there doesn't seem to be a set text or standard notation. I really need to talk to Diana about getting a thaumaturgist on the team. If Zatanna's not up for it, then maybe... Whatshername, Tracy Thirteen? Without knowing her real name I hadn't thought it worth trying to find her. Maybe see if Mister Zatara can teach a few lessons?

Time to stick my head above the parapet.

"I spoke to Mister Nelson shortly before he went missing."

Ah. Centre of attention.

Diana's first to respond. "When was this?"

"On the twenty seventh of July. He was visiting Alan, and Alan called me."

M'gann looks offended. "Why didn't you tell me? I would have loved to meet him."

"Call came via the ring-" I point. "-at five past six in the morning. I was woken up by a giant orange head, and Alan was really unclear about why he wanted to see me. When I got to his house, Mister Nelson was there. He was stopping off before travelling on to New Orleans, and then probably on to London."

Didn't he visit Diana as well, or at least contact her? Maybe they weren't that close. Hang on. Ah, drug gang gun battle in Mexico City. She probably couldn't spare the time.

"Do you know why he wanted to go there?"

"Is this ring orange? Because he's a hundred and six and he needs someone to take over looking after the Helmet before he dies. There was a medium in New Orleans he was going to interview, and I suggested the name of a wizard I know of in London."

"What are their names?"

"Didn't ask about the medium. Wizard's name is John Constantine."

No sign of recognition. "I haven't heard of him."

"I imagine that he's a little under the League's radar, but I think Mister Zatara knows of him."

She nods. "I'll check with him. Do you think this John Constantine might have had something to do with Kent's disappearance?"

Well... "Do I think he'd have kidnapped him, or attacked him? No, that's quite a long way outside his method of operation. But that's not to say that there might not have been some sort of incident. London's magic underground isn't exactly a safe place."

She nods again. Kaldur's giving me a puzzled look. Not sure why. "Do you have any idea how to contact him?"

"I haven't been able to locate him, but I do know where his sister lives. I haven't approached her myself because, as I understand it, Mister Constantine doesn't want the rest of his family involved with, well, this." I gesture to the room. "But if there's an actual incident to investigate, might be worth trying her."

"Any other family?"

"Brother-in-law and niece, both living with the sister. Other than that, not that I know of. Ring, upload all information relating to John Constantine to the computer on Wonder Woman's jet."

"Compliance."

"I'll follow up on London. Donna, are you able to accompany me?"

She brightens at the prospect. "Ah, yes, but I should probably take a shower first."

Ring?

A wave of orange light passes through Donna, eliminating sweat and grime.

"Oh. Thanks."

Wallace looks curious. "Your ring has a shower function?"

Eh? "Why'd you think I didn't shower with you guys after missions?"

Red Tornado raises his right hand, holding what looks like a weird looking key.

"It would be best if the team investigated the Tower of Fate. It is located in Salem, Massachusetts." He holds out the key to Kaldur. "This key will grant you access. I will investigate the lead in New Orleans."

Kaldur takes the key, while Wallace wonders over to try his luck with M'gann again.

I'm going to need to recharge. I'm not low, but this looks like it'll be an actual mission and I don't want to take unnecessary risks. I step away from the group, but Kon and Diana intercept me from opposite directions.

Kon speaks first. "Would.. you mind cleaning me off as well? I don't wanna hold up the mission."

"Sure, let me just..." He is rather sweaty.

"Um."

Come on damn you work. Ah. The orange band moves over Kon. He runs his right hand through his hair.

"Thanks. Heading down to the bioship?"

"Just gunna recharge the ring first. I'll be down in a moment."

He nods, smiles, and turns back to the group. I turn to Diana and come to parade rest.

"Sir?"

"Kent told you that he was looking for a successor?"

"Yes? Well, confirmed it after I used the-" I point at my eyes. "-Ophidian's Eyes on him."

Not sure where she's going with this.

"Do you know who else he was considering for the position?"

"Ahp, I think he said he offered it to Mister Zatara, but he turned it down. Yeah, he didn't mention the others by name, just that he's asked a lot of people."

She doesn't seem happy about this for some reason.

"Can I ask? Why do you want to know?"

"Themysciran reliquaries hold a number of powerful arcane artefacts. Though I don't think there are any Amazons who would be prepared to.. bond.. with Nabu, we would be perfectly happy to secure the Helmet and any other dangerous objects as a interim measure. Please, if you see him, let him know that."

"Of course. Are.. there.. a lot of Amazonian magic users?"

"Few choose to become sorceresses, but most Amazons use magic to some degree. We've... They've, had a great deal of time in which to learn."

She makes to leave. "Oh, um, one other thing came up in conversation."

She turns back. "Yes?"

"It's probably more of a long term thing. Um. But Mister Nelson scanned me, and it turns out that I sort of.. don't have a soul. And, that could be a problem. In the long term."

Incredulous. "You don't have a soul? I know you said you were an atheist-"

"No no no, it's not a matter of faith. My home parallel doesn't have magic, so I came here without any sort of magic presence. No soul."

Realisation. "That was why you reacted as you did at Gaea's temple. I had seen people affected by it before, but your reaction was unusually strong."

"Yeah. Apparently that'll happen whenever I'm somewhere with intense magic."

Her gaze shifts from me over to the others; Kaldur in particular, I notice.

"The Tower of Fate is a site of powerful magics, though I have never tried to make a direct comparison between it and the Temple. Do you think that you will be able to cope?"

"I don't know." I shake my head. "I'll tell Kaldur, and let him decide. Even if I can't enter the Tower safely, I can still be on overwatch."

She nods her approval. "Have you considered what lacking a soul means for you?"

"I've been trying to do some research, but even though magic is readily available here, there don't seem to be many reliable books on the subject. I suppose it means that if I die there's nothing to go on to an afterlife, assuming those actually exist."

"I assure you that they do."

"Okay, but, like you said, atheist. I believed that there was nothing after death anyway. Really, this is still an improvement, because I know it could change."

She thinks for a moment. "I will speak with Magala, my mother's court sorceress. Once I have information for you, I will let you know."

"Thank you."

19th August
20:02 GMT -5

If you're not sure of your mission fitness, inform your team leader.

I didn't take my normal seat next to Kon so that I could have a quiet word with Kaldur. I've been in close proximity to him when he's used magic before to no ill affect. He's actually taking some sort of Atlantean correspondence course, finishing the education that got interrupted by Aquaman taking him on. I've transmuted reagents for him a couple of times, then hung around to watch him work. The ring couldn't work out what was happening... Or maybe I just don't have the vocabulary to understand its explanation.

Is this going to be a big deal with the rest of the team? I know Americans tend to be more religious than the English, but none of my team mates have shown any overt religiosity in my presence. On the other hand, the three I've spent most time with aren't Americans, and it hasn't ever come up in conversation. I didn't even know that Mars even had a priesthood until M'gann mentioned it. Do they have several religions? The way she said it implied just one. And I have no idea how Atlanteans do things.

I lean forward, and try to keep my voice down. "Aqualad, can I borrow you for a moment?"

He looks up from the data pad he was reading. Looks like he's reviewing Mister Nelson's service record. "What is it?"

Where to begin?

I exhale. "When I spoke to Mister Nelson, he made me aware of something... Okay, you know how I come from a parallel universe?"

"You have mentioned it."

"Right... It's not just history that's different. The way physics work is different as well. And, one of the differences, is no magic."

His eyes drop for a moment. "If you are concerned about what we may face-."

"No, I've read up on that. The problem's a bit more... When I appeared here, I didn't suddenly start interacting with local magic as if I'd been here my whole life."

I'm trying to lead up to it, but I think I'm just confusing him. "Are you saying that you are immune to magic?"

"No. Quite the opposite, actually. I don't have a soul, and as a consequence I have no resistance to magic at all. Made a, heh, a bit of a scene when Wonder Woman took me to the Temple of Gaea. Was a bit like I was drunk, or high, or something."

Kaldur's face is still as he considers this. "You are certain that is the cause?"

I shrug. "I can't check, can I? But it sounds logical."

"It does, though it would appear to contravene what I was taught at the Conservatory of Sorcery. The idea that complex life is possible without magic is a strange one."

"Welcome to my world. Look, I wanted to let you know in case I start acting up when we get to the Tower. You might be better off leaving me in a supporting role."

He nods, once. "I will consider it. Thank you for informing me."

"-seriously considered becoming a wizard myself."

Is Wallace still trying that?

"Aqualad, I just want to check: there isn't a school for arcane learning in North America, right?"

"Not that I am aware of. In fact, I do not know of any in the surface world."

"Eh, there's a few. There's the White College in the north of England, but it's invite only. There's Nanda Parbat in Tibet if you're spiritually inclined, Themyscira if you've got a v-."

M'gann interrupts me. "We're approaching Tornado's coordinates, but-"

Kon stands, and peers out of the front window. "Nothing's there."

Kaldur checks an instrument panel. "Take us down. We will investigate further on foot."

M'gann moves her hands at the controls, and the bioship drops down to land on what looks like an empty car park. I take a moment to look out of the front window myself as the others file past, out of the rear hatch. There really isn't anything here. I mean, one look at the surrounding buildings shows that there isn't really any reason for there to be a big empty space here, so someone's playing silly buggers. And if I can even notice that fact, the wards must be of the more passive sort. A glamour, then? I didn't notice anything on those in the book he gave me, but I was more concerned with making sure I wasn't sending messages to the Ophidian than magical hacking.

I get up, armour up and join the group outside.

There doesn't seem to be any other people about. Wallace is conducting a celerity assisted sweep of the perimeter, pausing at intervals to check... something..? I'm going to assume that he thinks the Tower is concealed by technological means, and presumably he has encountered such devices before. And, of course, it might be. Just because it's hidden by magic doesn't means that it can't also be hidden by other means.

Just in case...

Ring, general scan, four hundred metre radius.

Compliance.

It seems that the ring finds this area perplexing. Some of the returns from its scans don't agree with each other, but it doesn't know how to resolve the dispute. There's definitely something here, though. I can't remember anything about the Tower from the comics that might offer any insight.

Maintain scans. Let me know if anything changes.

Compliance.

**Sorry, ring's got nothing.**

M'gann lowers her hands from the sides of her head. **Nothing on telepathic scans.**

Wallace returns to the group, breaking hard in front of Artemis. **I can't find anything either. This isn't simple camouflage.**

Artemis has her hands on her hips. **So, what'd'ya think? Adaptive micro-optoelectronics combined with phase shifting?**

Ring, we're checking for that, right?

Optical camouflage is insufficient to affect base level scans. Current avarice levels also support multiphasic scanning, which is in progress.

Good to know.

**Absolutely.**

So, wait, has he given up on the magic angle with M'gann? I'd like to think so, now that a mission is in progress.

Then M'gann takes a few steps towards him.

**N..not.**

Gods damn it, Wallace.

**Clearly, mystic powers.. are at work here.**

Artemis' face leaves no question of what she thinks of his blatant nonsense. I'd roll my eyes, but the ring has just made me aware of a patch of phase shift at the edge of the area which the Tower of Fate is supposed to occupy. Someone just moved a stealth field up behind us, and I'm a little worried about the possibility of immediate attack.

Nothing.

Ring, are we able to see inside that area without letting those inside know that we've seen them?

Unable to confirm. Probability dependant on data not obtainable without bypassing phase shift stealth system.

Of course it isn't.

**If everyone could maintain the pretence of looking for the tower? We are under observation.**

Heads and eyes swivel in my direction. I ignore them, generate an orange torch and begin what I hope looks like a methodical search pattern.

Kaldur gets the idea first. He holds out his water bearers and forms an arc of water between them, and begins walking a grid. I wonder if he can actually use them to detect magic? Some sort of reverse dowsing? M'gann rises into the air and swoops across the tarmac, a small distortion forming around her hands. The others catch on, and spread out to look by more mundane means.

**The ring has detected a area of phase shift.**

Kon frowns. **I though you said you couldn't find anything?**

**I couldn't. It wasn't there when I started scanning. Someone snuck up on us and is currently watching us. Kid Flash, don't look around!**

He freezes for a moment, before resuming his fake search.

Kaldur stops walking for a moment, and rotates on the spot, coincidentally making eye contact with me. **Are you able to determine who it is?**

**Not without piercing the distortion, and I can't guarantee that they won't detect that. With your permission?**

**You have it. Try not to let them know what you are doing.**

Ring, you heard the man. Minimum power.

I don't look in their direction, but in my mind's eye I see four orange outlines. No, five. It looks like Klarion the Witch Boy brought Teekl along. I only really know them from Seven Soldiers, but I don't remember him being particularly powerful in any of his incarnations. I see Mister Nelson, with his hands bound in front of him. He looks understandably miserable, but I can't see any injuries. Just behind him is a man in a white shirt and sporting a wand and a beard of evil. Abra Kadabra. Justice League records indicate that he uses highly advanced technology to perform apparently magical feats. Have to see about scanning his tech in detail later. I seem to remember that he comes from the future, but I can't yet tell if that's true of this version.

The last man is standing at the back. Black leather coat, black gloves, black leather boots and a full head mask with a white swirl over the face. No idea how he can see out. I don't recognise him, and there's nothing in the League files. Some sort of dark nineties version of Batman of the Future's Spellbinder? I can't see any weapons on him at this level of resolution.

None of them seem to be reacting to what I'm doing, though Mister Nelson might just be disguising his awareness intentionally.

**Three opponents, Mister Nelson and a cat. Abra Kadabra of Central City, Klarion the Witch Boy and some guy I don't recognise.**

I get an incredulous response from Wallace. **Klarion the what?**

**Witch Boy.** Wait, that sounds stupid, and since he isn't in the files I can't explain where I know it from. He also isn't wearing his traditional puritan pilgrim costume. **Young male magic user. He's wearing a suit. I think the cat's his familiar.**

Kaldur keeps things moving. **The other man?**

**Not on file, and I don't recognise him. No obvious weapons, but that probably just means that he doesn't need them.**

**Is Mister Nelson injured?**

**Not as far as I can tell.** I think for a moment. Ring, can we attack through the phase shift?

Phase shift piercing attacks are available.

Good to know. I transmit the ring's image and the enemy's location to the others via the telepathic network.

**Ah, Abra Kadabra. Such a shame that he never opened his heart to the true mystic arts.**

**Not the time, W-. Kid Flash.**

Artemis chips in. **I don't recognise the leather guy either.**

I'm starting to worry about that as well. The dress code suggests malnourished Midnighter, but he's slightly slumped. Oh, his hands are twitching. I think Klarion's saying something to him, but I don't have sound at the moment.

**I can try scanning under the mask, but that increases the risk of them realising that we're on to them. And, frankly, I'm not sure it's worth the effort. Major supervillains either don't do subtlety or they don't do fieldwork. If he were out of our weight class we'd have heard of him by now.**

**Just so long as you don't try kissing him.**

Banter? Glad to know she's stopped being angry with me. **He doesn't look like my type. All that leather? What is he thinking?**

She gives me a surprised glance. What?

**Rescuing Mister Nelson is our main purpose here. M'gann, find heavy objects and levitate them over the roof behind them. When I give the word, hurl them at Klarion and the unknown figure.**

M'gann nods, and raises herself higher up into the air.

**Orange Lantern, we will need you to neutralise Abra Kadabra as quickly as possible. Can you attack through his cloak?**

I did want a look at his tech. **Unless he's done something very clever, yes.**

**Prepare to initiate your attack on my command.**

**Sir.**

**Kid Flash, I need you to recover Mister Nelson as swiftly as possible. Artemis and I will cover you.**

**You got it.**

**Once you have him, take him to the bioship. Depending on the level of resistance we encounter, either return to assist or cover our retreat.**

What sort of construct to use? Clearly, I need to disrupt whatever Abra Kadabra uses to control his technology. I can see a wand, but I imagine he has implants to go with it. Shouldn't be too hard to block or destroy, but in case he doesn't need to move to use them I should probably avoid using the ShockCrown. The records in the Justice League database suggest that all of his really dangerous stuff requires a good deal of set up time, and I haven't detected anything like that around this square.

Hmm. Grapple, grab his wand and yank him away from the others, then plug a construct into his peripheral nervous system and paralyse him while jamming any signals to the outside. Slamming him into the ground couldn't hurt. Come up from below? Should I keep that in reserve?

**Is everyone ready?**

By 'sheer chance', Wallace's search pattern has brought him closest to the stealth field. Kon's crouched slightly, as if examining the ground. Artemis returned to the bioship for her bow, and is 'cleaning' some arrows. Kaldur has separated the water streams from his water bearers, ready to make medium distance whip attacks.

Ring, extend subterranean construct. Prep phase disruptors.

Compliance.

An orange filament extends from my right heel. It goes down a metre through the tarmac, then travels straight under our targets.

**Orange Lantern ready.**

**I'm ready** I get a quick flash of M'gann's position.

**Ready** Artemis 'experimentally' puts arrow to string.

**Ready** Kon tenses his legs, ready to leap.

**I'm always ready.** Wallace stretches his right leg.

**Attack once the camouflage is down. Orange Lantern, attack when ready.**

My orange thread is split into four under the target area. The four sub-threads radiate away from the division point and form the corners of a square, each terminating in a ray gun like construct.

Now.

There's no sound, not even a visual distortion. One moment we're looking at a wall, the next, a group of three supervillains, a cat and an old man. Kadabra has just enough time to stare at his wand in confusion before the chain erupts from the tarmac under his feet. A clamp forms around his neck and yanks him face first into the ground. He drops his wand, and an orange tendril latches on to it. Wallace blurs past as I put an x-shaped harness around Kadabra's chest, jam his everything, and launch both of us off the ground. He's never shown any ability to fly, and most people will hesitate to attack if it means a two kilometre drop.

Just as we leave the area M'gann's projectiles zero in on the remaining targets. The guy in black raises his head toward them.

"'crack'"

The two lumps of concrete explode into powder, obscuring the area. I see Artemis' arrow fly towards the last location of the unknown villain-

"'tok'"

-and bounces off air. We're going to need to have that talk about the efficacy of pointy sticks against force fields, aren't we? I had been hoping to put that off.

Four bolts of red lightning blast out of the dust cloud forcing the others to evade, and I hear someone -I think it's Klarion- giggling.

**Orange Lantern to Aqualad. Kadabra is clear. Orders?**

**Kid Flash to Aqualad, Mister Nelson's clear. A bit beat up, but he say's he'll be okay.**

**Kid Flash, return to the combat area. Orange Lantern, uh-**

**Kaldur?**

**Klarion's assistant is more dangerous than I'd hoped. Interrogate Abra Kadabra. Report anything useful you learn.**

**Sir.**

That will take me out of telepathic range, of course. I seem to remember Klarion's powers in the comics being a little more subtle than red lightning. Eh, they've got a clear line of retreat if they're being overwhelmed, and they've still got the radio.

Up we go then.

As the car park drops away I take a moment to scan Kadabra. Not as many implants as I was expecting. A couple in his gut, and a cluster around the base of his skull. They keep trying to transmit, but nope, still jammed. His organs are more or less baseline Human, though according to the ring there's been quite a bit of genetic tweaking. Optimisation, rather than redesign. I take his wand into my hand. It looks like it has similar subspace storage facilities to the ring, but it can also form links between stored objects and the outside world. He's weaponised something I use for notebook writing.

We're now at splat height, and he's pretending to be unconscious.

"Mister Kadabra, I can read your brain activity. I know that you're perfectly aware of your surroundings." He lazily opens his eyes, and wrinkles his nose at me. "Now, I'm Orange Lantern t-."

His eyes open wide in shock. His pupils flash down to the glowing sigil on my chest. His heart rate and breathing rate have shot right up.

Um... Okay...

"No no no no no no!"

He's reaching out for his wand with his left hand. The implant is his neck appears to be a dedicated subspace receiver, and he's trying to trigger it like mad right now. I suppose that implant handles the activation process of the subspace link? Wand waving wouldn't be precise enough.

I put the wand in my subspace storage.

"You can't be here now! I checked! You shouldn't be here yet!"

Guess he does come from the future, then. "Can I.. take it then that you've heard of First Lantern Larfleeze?"

"Heard of..? Hehehehe..." Despair fills his chuckles. He raises his right hand to mantle his face. He's still breathing as if he's sprinted four hundred metres.

This should be easier than I was expecting. "So, if you've heard of the Orange Corps, then you should know what I can do to organic life forms who aren't helpful when I want them to be."

He looks me over, then looks down. "Yes. Ah, yes. Yes, I know."

"Glad to hear it. Now, I've got some questions for you. You can answer them as you are, or you can join the Orange Lantern Corps the unfun way, and then answer them. Please remember, I'm monitoring your brain wave patterns."

" What do you want to know?"

Ring, transmit to the team. "Let's start with: who's the guy in leathers?"

"I.. I.. I'm not sure. I didn't meet him before this evening. Klarion called him 'Onomatopoeia'."

"And what can he do?"

"He doesn't talk, he just makes noises and things happen. I don't understand how it works! I don't know anything about magic!"

Brain activity suggests that he's telling the truth. Now, the other half of the problem.

"Now, talk to me about Klarion."

He makes a token struggle against the bonds, then gives up and looks down. Is he actually trying to spot Klarion from up here?

"Klarion is a Lord of Chaos, and one of the most powerful magic users on this planet."

What? Oh, hell. Ring, team status.

Kaldur's got both water bearers attached to Onomatopoeia, but before he can do anything with the connection the water freezes then shatters, knocking him back. Some sort of vaguely bear like creature made of mist is chasing M'gann, while Klarion cackles from behind it. Wallace picks him self off the floor and only just dodges another bolt of red lightning. He's limping. Artemis is pelting Klarion with arrows which twist and bend as they reach him. Most snap or fly into the wall, but one goes back towards her and forces her to dodge. Mister Nelson is just behind her, reaching for something. Why's he there?

Kon jumps through the mist creature, disrupting it for a moment. I see cuts on his chest and face.

!Help them!

Ring, shut down Kadabra's neck implant. Duration: twelve hours.

Kadabra gasps in shock. I do a quick check, but the implant doesn't do anything essential to his body.

"I'll be dropping you off now."

Ring, route.

At the moment, FTL is a bit rough on the people I bring with me. Kon walked it off, but M'gann asked if we could take the bioship next time. A momentary flicker of orange and Kadabra and I are hovering just over the grass next to the 'Welcome to Salem' sign. I let him drop. "I'll pick you up when this is over."

He's still a bit out of it, but he manages a-

"You can't!"

-before I transition back to the fight area.

A shock prod construct hits Onomatopoeia in the diaphragm. He's wearing armour, but NO ONE HURTS MY FRIENDS and he's knocked over and down. I spin in the air and a giant fan construct disperses the mist thing. I land next to Artemis.

"Where's Kadabra?"

"I shut down his tech and dropped him off on the edge of town."

Klarion smirks at me. I hadn't really noticed before, but the structure of his face isn't quite right. The hair horns could just be gel, but the angles in his head and his colouration are just subtly... Wrong. Something pretending to be Human, but not quite getting it.

I stick a bubble barrier around him. I've no way to know whether or not it'll actually do anything, but Mister Nelson did say that not having a soul shouldn't affect my constructs. Every little helps.

**It won't be enough.** Mister Nelson's voice.

"Oooooooooooh. Who gave you a kiddie decoder ring?" Klarion's decided that I warrant his full attention.

"No idea. Looks good on me though, doesn't it?"

"Eeeh, I've seen better. I don't think orange is your color."

Teekl rubs around his legs. Her eyes are solid red, and her fur has some decidedly odd markings. The versions of her I know about look more or less like a normal cat most of the time. She catches me looking at her and snarls, swishing a paw in my direction with claws extended. Usually I love cats, but I think I'll give this one a miss.

Klarion's eyes brighten for a moment. Both figuratively and literally. "You're empty."

What am I doing? Trying to hold his attention, I suppose. I don't particularly want to bait a spell I can't block with a barrier. I don't know what a 'Lord of Chaos' is except in Warhammer terms, but I'm guessing this is probably about my worst possible match up.

"Mum always told me to go before leaving the ho-."

Red lightning crackles around his left hand and my barrier dissolves like paint dust thrown into the wind. The sensory feedback I get from it feels like I thrust my forearm inside a big bag of uncooked rice. Lots of tiny packets of pressure from lots of directions at once. On the off chance, I pull the construct back, turn it into a razor sharp edge, and bring it around at chest height. This time, it's ink in water.

Uhoowf. Feedback from that one actually hurt a bit. Like sandpaper pressed into the skin of my left arm, then yanked hard along it. Calm. Breath. Focus on your need.

He is a threat to my ingroup. He has hurt my friends. I don't really mind a little small 'c' chaos myself, but comic Chaos is all about wanton destruction of the sort I find depressingly pointless. I want to build, and people like this live just to tear things down.

Shots from my particle cannon turn into filaments of light that swirl around him like streamers as they reach him. A chunk of concrete hurled by M'gann turns to gloop as it strikes him, then drips upwards and evaporates to nothing.

"Heeeey. My soo-oot."

Klarion makes a fist and oh hell. I remember the episode of Teen Titans where Raven forced Beast Boy to change from one shape to another. I hope that's what happened, because otherwise Klarion just broke M'gann's shoulders, hips, spine and neck twisting bits of her around.

She cries out, and Kon lunges in to catch her.

!Kill him!

I fire a wide orange coruscating beam at him while simultaneously building two Van de Graaff generator constructs on either side of him. Maybe avarice is inherently chaotic, or something? I ramp the generators up far beyond what normal physics allow, because mere electrons will do what I want them to. Then they discharge, a continual blinding stream of white so bright I put a shield around the target.

!M'gann!

There isn't much on Martian physiology in the part of the database I could access, but a brief application of orange light triggers her shapeshifting in the areas Klarion rearranged. Some breakages, but mostly things just aren't connected to each other properly. If she weren't in so much pain she'd do it herself, but with a little luck she should be able to sort herself out now.

There's a faint 'click' from behind me, and the Tower of Fate appears from wherever it was hiding.

When this is over, I'm going to bypass League security and get as much-.

"Hkk."

Cold. I feel cold.

The Van de Graaff generators collapse. The barrier's still up, but it's thinning and I can see a smiling, unhurt Klarion on the other side of it. I stagger slightly to the left, then catch myself. What is-?

Ghaaaagh!

There's a cone of glowing red nothing sticking out the left side of my chest, and from the feel of it an equal length inside as well!

"Aaaagh!"

Come on damn you, cut the pain!

The skin around in numbs, and for a moment I'm alright again. Breathing isn't working quite right, but the ring can just feed my cells directl-.

Eaughh!

I crumple, dropping to all fours on the ground, just able to raise my head enough to look at him.

"Ah ah aah." Klarion waves his right index finger at me as he shoves what is left of my barrier aside with his left hand. "No cheating."

**Get him inside. The Tower's defences...**

Everything's getting a bit peculiar. I can see Klarion walking forwards, step by step. There's a cat in his arms, and he's stroking its head. There's a sort of orange haze around, but it's not really...

Oweraghowowaaagh!

The pain comes from two places now, the left of my chest and my abdomen, a red cone in both of them. My armour's still there, for all the good it's doing. I've rolled over onto my side, and I'd have curled up in the foetal position if that didn't make it hurt more. Dully, I register the ring describing the physical damage the cones are doing.

I think I'm melting. It doesn't burn, but parts of my body are being torn into tiny shreds. I try to regrow them-

"Yaaaaghh ah ah ah!"

-and it gets worse as the new flesh is melted in turn.

My eyes are wet.

I'm lifted off the ground. It's not gentle, but compared to the other pain, it's nothing. I hear a shout-

"No! Come back here! He's mine, mine, MINE!"

-then I'm through a heavy wooden door and into a corridor of bare brick. We're... Going up some stairs.

Brick. That explains the cold, I suppose.

Wider corridor. I see a worried green face. Rounded, hard and bald, like a Martian's supposed to look. A two fingered hand laid on my chest becomes five fingered.

**You're going to be okay.**

Her head changes shape, back to normal Megan. Why doesn't she just leave it? Why won't she show me her real face?

The wall ahead of us peels away to reveal a living room. There's a large square rug on the floor, and a fireplace in the far wall. M'gann deposits me on a chaise lounge, and I curl up again while Kaldur tends to Kon's cuts. Banda- No, no, focus, Kon needs you. The medical kit I put in subspace clatters to the floor next to him. Wallace looks shocked, his eyes moving from me to Kon to M'gann. He wants to help, but doesn't know how.

The broken remains of Artemis' bow hit the floor with a clatter. The.. whatever it's made of.. has exploded apart near one end. There's a small cut on her cheek, but I don't think that she's noticed it.

"Let's have a look at you." Mister Nelson gently pushes me onto my back. I grip the sides of the chaise lounge. I shouldn't curl up. He's the only one around here who can fix this.

But it hurts.

"As I feared. This spell shouldn't last longer than a few seconds, but you've nothing to fight it with."

He moves out of my field of vision, and my eyes are drawn back to the two red spikes in my torso. For a moment, I wonder about transferring the ring to my mouth and just cutting away the damaged parts of my body. No, no, too risky. Might work, probably wouldn't.

Aghhuhuhuha.

I feel a hand on mine, which still hold the chaise in a death grip.

"Paul."

Ugh.

"Paul."

Insistent. I push my head back to look. M'gann.

"Not dead quite yet, M'gann. "

There's a blast of cold air, freezing really. A few flakes of snow waft across the room behind M'gann.

"I can try to turn off the pain telepathically."

I try shaking my head. I think it wobbles a bit.

"Ring... Ring can do that. Isn't working. Magic, ugh..."

I wince.

She presses her other hand against my cheek, and looks across to Mister Nelson. He's now carrying his walking stick, the metal handle glowing gold. He holds the shaft and points the metal end at me.

The red double ended cones rise slowly from my chest, a faint golden aura around them. It doesn't hurt worse, but now the ring's giving me an even clearer idea of what's been happening inside me. Without the ring, my stomach, liver and small intestine would be a write-off, along with most of my left lung. As it is... Ugh... They'll be more or less fixed in a few moments.

Once the cones are fully out Mister Nelson sweeps the cane around, taking them with him. He walks over to an empty area of the floor, and a pedestal topped with a large lump of crystal rises out of the floor. A brighter glow, and the cones sink into the crystal, trapped the hell away from me.

The pain's starting to subside. Come on, you practised this. Wholeness Rightly Assumed.

"Ah!"

According to the ring, I'm now more or less intact. There's still some pain, though I don't know whether it's an echo or if there's still something wrong with me. I release my grip on the chaise, smile at M'gann and then move to a sitting position.

"Thank you, M'gann, Mister Nelson."

"Don't be too grateful. I didn't get all of it. You're going to need someone to spend a great deal of time making sure that they've removed every last bit of it before you'll be fully well again."

Kon looks relieved. His t-shirt's off and his chest is covered in plasters and bandages.

Ring, photon beam.

A thin filament of orange arcs from my head over to his, where it expands into the sunlamp-like construct of Kryptonian well-being. I need a name for it. Rao's Beatitude? No, Rao's red, that wouldn't make sense. Don't know.

He closes his eyes and turns his face upwards towards it, breathing out in relief.

"What... What exactly.. cut up Superboy, then?"

"Onomatopoeia."

Kaldur's sombre. There's a joke in his answer, but I'll not be making it. I just remember who Onomatopoeia was in the comics. He was a nobody. Vocal tick, whatever weapons he could lay his hands on. Guns mostly, but I marked him down the intelligence scale on the grounds that he wasn't in it for money. Once pissed off the Joker by using him as a distraction. Hah, clown-sexual. But the fact is, there's no way he should be able to do anything much to our team. Certainly not from a standing start. Then again, I wasn't expecting this much in your face power from Klarion. Reality warping rituals I could understand, but no-selling me head on?

"How?"

"He just pointed at him and said 'ssshik'. Gotta be some kinda radiation weapon, programmed to respond to his voice."

Wallace, I don't need this right now. And by the look of it, neither does Artemis.

"What happened to believing in magic?"

"I decided to get serious when a guy started trying to kill us!"

"Then how do you explain the red lightning? Or the mist creature?"

"An advanced plasma manipulation device, and.. probably.. some kind of holographic system, using charged water vapour as the medium. Magic isn't real!"

M'gann looks downcast, and rubs the back of her neck. "Having my whole body twisted around felt pretty real to me."

That shuts Wallace up for a moment.

I should be patient. He hasn't had any regular contact with magic. It's a bit out-of-context for him.

"Wallace, any sufficiently well understood magic is indistinguishable from technology. I don't understand how those things happened. The way Doctor Roquette's nanobots work defies everything I thought I knew about the way matter works, but you don't see me complaining about it. I mean, look at this ring."

I wave my left palm at him. He isn't having it.

"A power ring is super advanced Guardian technology."

"Don't ever let the Controllers hear you call it that. Maltusian technology, thank you very much. And you're trying to make a distinction where no distinction exists. The Controllers understand the forces which ignorant magic users -ur, no offence Mister Nelson-"

He waves it off with a smile. "None taken."

"-manipulate through spell and ritual, in the same way that you understand radio waves. And they use that understanding to build things like this." I tap the ring with my right forefinger. "The way I think determines the strength of my constructs, but doesn't affect the power drain. Where's the power coming from?"

"Your lantern, and it gets stored in your ring."

"And how does it get into the lantern? There's no chemical or nuclear reactions going on in there, I checked when I was trying to work out how to build one."

He looks to the side, thinking hard. "I... dunno, but that doesn't mean there isn't an explanation."

"Of course not. There's an explanation for everything. Doesn't mean it's going to be simple, or obvious, or that it can be understood in terms of things you already know. Mister Nelson just pulled something out of my chest. For the moment, I'm prepared to take him at his word."

A jab of pain, and I wince. Even that was better than it was when the spell was in full effect, but a chunk of my left lung just got lysed. I restore it, but from what Mister Nelson said I'm going to assume that will keep on happening.

I think I just got invalided out of this mission. I'd assumed that couldn't happen. That I'd either be able to fix myself or I'd go down and either die or wake up in a hospital.

Ring, power level?

Nineteen percent remaining.

That's below my 'recharge now' level. Where was the expenditure? The particle cannon?

Fifty four percent of recent total expenditure used on physical repair.

Shiiiitt... That's a lot of power.

I think Wallace is following my reasoning. "Okay, but I still don't really... Uh. Fine." He shrugs. "So, what do we do now?"

My eyes switch between Kaldur and Mister Nelson. Kaldur's my team leader, but Mister Nelson's the one who actually knows what's going on. I think everyone else is thinking in the same way.

Kaldur takes in initiative. "Mister Nelson, is this Tower secure?"

"Should be. Klarion will probably be able to find a way in eventually now that he knows where it is, but I think we have a little breathing room."

"I mean no offence, but was there a reason why you did not engage him directly? I know of your deeds as Doctor Fate, and compared with..."

Mister Nelson smiles, and waves his left hand. "Oh, I'm not Doctor Fate. I'm just an old coat Fate used to put on, until my wife Inza convinced me there could be more to life." He gets out his watch, and this time my angle is such that I can just see that there's an old photograph in the top section. "Ah, she was a real pistol, that woman. Anywho, Klarion's after the Helmet of Fate. If he gets his sticky little mitts on it he'll turn the planet into his own personal playground of pandemonium."

Artemis isn't satisfied. "What'd you mean, you're not Fate?"

"The Helmet of Fate is the home of the spirit of Nabu, a Lord of Order, and ultimate enemy of someone like Klarion. When a person puts the Helmet on, Nabu gains control of their body, and can act on the material world through them. Without that link, he's almost completely defenceless."

Kaldur's already thinking through the problem. "Then we must recover the Helmet. Are you well enough to use it again?"

Mister Nelson sizes Kaldur up. "I'll have to be. Oh, don't worry. There's life in the old bones yet."

I need to ask... "Can I assume that you didn't make it to London?"

He shakes his head. "Ambushed as soon as I finished talking to that woman in New Orleans. Huckster, like I thought she would be. Huh, maybe I should of gone to London first."

Oh heck. Then I've sent Diana to talk to Misses Masters for nothing. I really hope Mister Constantine doesn't take it badly.

Aqualad draws his water bearers. "How far must we travel to reach the Helmet?"

"Not far. A short walk and an elevator ride."

I end the photon beam construct. Kon stretches his arms. He told me that it feels a bit like a warm, relaxing bath. The area of carpet around him has faded noticeably. I need to be more careful about that. I also pull one of his spare t-shirts from subspace and float it over to him. He takes it with a smile.

Mister Nelson walks to the fireplace, and the wall peels back to reveal...

The heck?

Thin stone pathways floating in putrid green void, From the orientation, it looks like the direction of gravity depends on exactly where you are on the path. After about fifty metres the one leading away from this room appears to shift to vertical, and there's some kind of multi-directional junction.

Kaldur nods. Has he seen this sort of thing a lot? "Orange Lantern." He looks at me. "I am sorry, but given your injuries, and your susceptibility to magic attack-"

"You think I should stay here." He nods. "I agree. I'm not going to be able to help if Klarion can take me out with a thought."

"I suspect that the high level of background magic within the Tower's more arcane sections would also present a problem to you."

I nod.

"Ahhh..?" Artemis holds up her broken bow.

I raise the ring at the same time Mister Nelson raises his cane. We simultaneously stop and look at each other. He nods at me.

Ring, repair.

An orange aura holds the parts of her compound bow in place while the ring undertakes repairs. The severed carbon fibre is mostly still there, and transmuting the little extra needed from the air is no real obstacle. For a moment I consider enhancing the bow, but the change in weight and balance might affect her aim. Still need to do something with the arrows.

"I should be able to transmute some more trick arrows, if you think it'll help. I've also got a spare plasma pistol..?"

She shakes her head. "Thanks, but I'll stick with what I've got."

Mister Nelson taps his chin with the head of his cane, then raises it in her direction. It glows for a moment. "There. I can't promise much, but that should make it harder for Klarion or Onomatopoeia to affect your bow or arrows with magic."

She smiles. "I'm looking forward to the rematch."

Mister Nelson takes a few paces toward the bizarre stone path. "We'd best get moving. Time's a-wasting."

The others follow on behind, M'gann flying above them with an expression of wonderment on her face. Kon's bringing up the rear, and is looking back at me as the wall slides back into place. I wave, and cover my discomfort as a sudden spike of acidity melts a small part of my liver.

Ring...

And it's fine again.

Now what?

Ring, scan.

According to the ring, nothing exists in the whole universe outside this room. And it's not too sure about the room. I gingerly stand up, and walk over to the pedestal. The double ended cones float in the crystal. I don't feel anything from them. I carefully tap the top of it with my right forefinger. Solid. Doesn't really smell, either. I stare at the translucent red shapes. Now that they're out of me they don't really look that special. The area of red is sort of cloudy, in motion but never going beyond the bounds of the cone.

I don't understand what I'm looking at.

I step back, and wave the ring at the faded patch of carpet, restoring its colour. Then I pace, making two full circuits of the room while examining the walls and decorations in detail. There's a large painting of a woman I assume to be Inza Nelson on the wall over the fireplace. She looks young, maybe in her mid twenties, and the painting looks old. Wonder why there isn't something more recent? A photograph perhaps?

No electric lights. The wall brackets have candles and the fire appears to be coal. Not giving off any heat, but the room's still a comfortable temperature. Puts me in mind of Goldeneye for the N64, where the light in the room appeared to come from the lights, but would still be there if you destroyed them. There's a grandfather clock, but there are no hands or numbers on its face, and the pendulum is still. Probably a good thing, as I find ticking clocks quite uncomfortable to be around.

"Ring, charge?"

"Seventeen percent."

Liver and bow, and that's two percent gone. I lose translation at five percent. Flight at ten. Particle cannon already takes more power than I have.

I sit back down on the chaise lounge.

I quite like the colour of the walls. Always been fond of purple.

I wonder what the emotion of a purple power ring would be? What's a bit like love and compassion? Generosity? Or am I just thinking that because of Rarity's mane?

Who can I get to sort out the residual damage from Klarion's spell? Diana said that she was going to speak to Magala anyway. Is this her sort of thing? I do need to actually speak to John Constantine now that I've involved him in this. Not sure it's up his street though, and he does present certain... risks. Getting Mister Zatara to have a go would probably involve least work, and if I remember correctly his work commitments decrease toward the end of the tourist season.

Oh. Ooooh. That's a better idea. I need to test the flexibility of Captain Cornwall Junior's magic abilities anyway, and my dossier's about as complete as it can get without a face to face meeting. And I doubt that he can make the situation worse. Nothing I've found suggests that the men of his family -and it is just the men who put on the costume- have that sort of talent. I'm not quite sure what 'realigning my natural energies' would do, but I imagine it'll be either nothing, or something useful. Now, how to go about introduc-.

There's a sort of ringing sound, and Mister Nelson's ghost appears in the centre of the room. It's... He's.. a translucent gold colour, with different tones for his suit.

Oh, hell.

I stand.

"Mister Nelson, what happened?"

Oh, that's stupid. Obviously he died.

The ghost shakes his head.

"This is not Kent Nelson. You are speaking to the intelligence of this tower. Kent asked me to inform you that Klarion and Onomatopoeia are inside the Tower, and are attempting to intercept your team."

Relief.

"How did they get in?"

The projection raises its hand, and an image forms of the outside of the tower. I see my team retreat through the open door, which then closes and vanishes. Klarion waves his hands forward, and the wall glows red.

"What's he doing?"

"He's forcing the Tower to remain linked with Earth, rather than retreating to the Nexus of the Subtle Realms."

Onomatopoeia steps forward, past Klarion and nearly touching the wall.

"'cli-clunk.'"

The door reappears, and Klarion lowers his arms.

"'sssuuuih. creeeek.'"

Klarion claps as the door swings open, and Onomatopoeia stands aside to allow him entry before following him up the stairs. The image vanishes.

"Are they heading here? Because that would be rather bad for me."

"The Tower detected their hostility and has attempted to deal with them. They were redirected via a more.. hostile route. Unfortunately they have proven rather adept at overcoming obstacles."

"Does the team need my help?"

"Kent asked me to inform you that your assistance would not be required."

What can I do?

"Probably wouldn't be much use anyway. Thank you for letting me know."

What can I do?

"Could you please show me what's happening now?"

"Of course."

A new image forms.

They're running across an intersection. Artemis pauses to launch an arrow at another pathway, at ninety degrees to their own.

"'fooosh.'"

Not quite sure what that noise was supposed to do, but it didn't work and Onomatopoeia takes a quick hardening foam arrow to the left shoulder. Trick arrows may look silly, but they still move fast and have some mass behind them. That will have hurt. He twists, trying to get his coat off even as the foam expands. Perhaps realising that it's hopeless, he wiggles his right arm at the team's path.

"'crack crack crack crack crack.'"

M'gann frantically tries telekinetically hurling him out of line of sight. He sails off the platform he was on, bounces off the thin edge of the next and hurtles down... Um, away, out of sight. But the damage has been done and the team's pathway starts to come apart.

Meanwhile, Kaldur and Kon are trying to cover Mister Nelson. Kaldur's making shields with his water bearers, and Kon's got hold of a golden tower shield from somewhere. Red lightning evaporates water and chars metal while Klarion laughs maniacally and Teekl stares intently.

I can't do anything. I can't help.

Mister Nelson trips, and Wallace zooms forward to help him. Together they hobble towards a great golden bell, using it to take shelter from Klarion's onslaught. Mister Nelson strikes it twice with the head of his cane and it glows with golden light. He and Wallace step into it and disappear as the platform comes apart beneath them.

"No no NO!"

Klarion leaps from his pathway, falling towards the bell in a way which appears to defy gravity. Can he fly? Or is it the fact that he's in his element here, in a place suffused with magic? He strikes it and passes through as the surrounding walkways break into chunks.

Kaldur and Kon are holding on to one of the larger pieces, but they've got no way to get to the bell. The lump Artemis ended up on is spinning wildly relative to the rest, but with gravity working as it does in there it doesn't seem to be a problem for her. Motion sickness might be, as her eyes are closed. M'gann's floating freely, dodging smaller bits of rubble. She misses one, and it strikes her in the abdomen and knocks her back.

What can I do?

"Tower, can you open some sort of portal to them?"

"None of the pieces of walkway near them are large enough to support a doorway."

They're not in immediate danger with Onomatopoeia out of the picture.

"Alright, can you manifest from one of the smaller pieces and get M'gann to drag a large bit over?"

"That is within my abilities."

"Where have Mister Nelson and Wallace gone?"

The view shifts to a large platform surrounded by crenellations. It takes me a moment to realise that it's the roof. The Helmet is floating in the air next to Wallace and Mister Nelson. For a moment I am convinced that we've won, before Klarion materialises and blasts Mister Nelson in the chest. He staggers, but gets a dome shield up before collapsing to the ground.

Wallace is the only one with access to the Helmet. Even if he puts it on, I'm not all that confident.

What would John Constantine do?

Oh yes. Oh, that's beautiful.

"Tower, can you open a portal between here and the roof?"

"My instructions only prevent me from transporting you into the Tower's interior. There is no portal from here to the roof, but now that the bell has been rung there is an elevator that goes directly there."

"Open the elevator, then work on evacuating the rest of my team."

"Confronting Klarion in your present condition is extremely unwise."

"Giving Wallace the Helmet of Fate doesn't exactly score prizes in the cleverness category either, but it's what we've got."

The projection appears to think for a moment, then flickers. An outline of gold appears on the wall to my left, then solidifies into a lift door.

I run to press the 'open' button. Why does it have to be a nineteen thirties style lift? What's wrong with Dolmen Gates, or fairy rings? Magic had teleportation before machinery. So slow!

It opens, I lurch inside, spin around and press the 'roof' button. The door closes again and I see the Tower projection vanish with a smile in my direction.

The numbers above the door begin to count up as I ready my approach. I can't block Klarion's attacks even at full power. I'm now at...

Ring?

Seventeen percent.

Right. How to do this with low power?

Ring, prepare Ready in Sixty Four Directions Stance and the random evasive pattern of your choice.

Compliance.

Since I mostly fight from the air, a Lantern version of the Exalted charm Ready in Eight Directions Stance wouldn't be all that much help. My version expands my awareness in all directions, as well as augmenting my mind so that I can actually process that sort of volume of information. It also requires surprisingly little energy, though in testing I ended up walking into things a lot after I turned it off.

Floor eleven. How many floors are there? What's the betting the roof is floor twelve A? No, hang on, the other buttons go up to eighteen. So, nineteen? Is that significant? It's a prime number isn't it?

Urgh! Just in case I forgot, there goes the chaos magic. An allergic reaction in the intestine that time. Much simpler to repair.

Ring?

Sixteen percent.

Ffffffffffff.....

No, no, calm. It's fine. I doubt I'd get out intact if Klarion won anyway. Maybe I should start keeping my lantern on the bioship? What happened to the bioship anyway? The plan was to get Mister Nelson out of here, not hang around.

Floor eighteen. Might be a slightly larger gap between here and the next floor. I shuffle. Random evasion involves short FTL jumps and momentum control to enable rapid changes in air direction. No risk of motion sickness, but it is a little distracting. On the other hand, I really only need to issue one command and then either hide behind the wall or behind Fate. Assuming Wallace has actually put the thing on, of course.

Shit. If he hasn't, I might have to. Would that even work?

"Bing!"

The lift doors open. Doctor Fate -Nabu- is in the air and holding Klarion off with a giant golden ankh shield while Klarion throws red fire at him.

"-went out of fashion in the twentieth century!"

But he's not my target. This isn't the Cell Games, and I'm not as tough as Vegeta.

I spot my target just to Klarion's right, even as the Chaos Lord turns his head in my direction.

"Ring, assimilate the cat."

I love cats. All of them. No matter how cruel they clearly are or how little affection they feel for me. When I'm out walking I'll routinely stop when I see a cat and try to persuade it to let me stroke it. Not sure where that started, though I suppose my Nan's now long dead cat Muffy was a good deal friendlier than my Gran's Chihuahua, Fang. Heck, the cats owned by their neighbour Mister Lusty were friendlier. Sparky and Bunty I think their names were. Gosh, they must be fifteen years dead now, at least. I've even got time... No, I even had time for the cat owned by my neighbour in the house next to the one I owned before coming here. Vicious thing. Never seen me and not tried to take a swipe at me, even if it was inside my house at the time.

I don't want a witch boy. But I do want a cat. I want a cat a lot.

I'm holding my left hand outstretched with my palm toward my target. The orange beam travels straight from the ring. The beam is much brighter than when I've used the ring for cutting or kinetic force, the orange colour richer and more intense. Teekl's facing Nabu, fur erect and tail extended. It hits her on her left hip, and there's a sort of orange ripple, like dropping a pebble in a pot of orange paint. Then the orange glow coats her fur, and she yelps.

"Identity Theft in progress. Two percent complete."

Doooooooooooooooooooooodge!

"No!"

My FTL hop took me back behind the elevator and upwards into the sky. Klarion broke off his attack on Nabu to throw fire in my direction, but I'm far faster than his reaction shot. Heh, this might not be too-

"Identity Theft ability interrupted by FTL transfer. Resuming."

Teekl takes a shot up the arse.

I can't FTL? Oh, that isn't good.

"Identity Theft one percent complete."

Random dodge random dodge!

"Orange Lantern. Your presence here is not required."

"Get. Away From my cat!"

Fuck both of you!

Klarion misses with two bolts of red lightning, then spends a moment charging a fireball. Nabu drops his ankh shield, points both arms forward and hits him with a golden ankh shot before he can finish. He staggers and drops the fireball.

That's not a fireball! It's a face! It's a flying burning face! Dodge the face dodge the face!

The Tower's a blur. I don't bother trying to see what's happening, I'm moving too fast to make sense of it. My Stance construct makes me aware of incoming attack, but I just connect the data to the autododge.

"Identity Theft six percent complete."

This is going to take all night.

**Attacking his familiar is a sound strategy, but your vulnerability to magic renders you naught but a liability in this conflict.**

Is M'gann doing that, or can Nabu do it himself?

**You wanna try doing something helpful, like keeping Klarion off me until I'm done? Or shielding me yourself?**

With no real cover I've moved away from the Tower to make directed shots harder. Klarion takes another ankh to the face and disintegrates, before reintegrating on the other side of the Tower and summoning a swarm of the Tower's own bricks to fly after me. Between that and the BURNING FUCKING FACE I'm not liking my chances in the air.

Ring?

"Identity Theft eleven percent complete."

Oh, come on!

Four golden ankhs spring up around Klarion, boxing him in while a golden beam strikes him from above. Again, he disappears, but his projectiles are still in motion. Would they stop if the caster died or was forced away? I know some spells keep going after their creator's death.

A portal, black and lined with red opens behind me, and Klarion drops down onto one of the larger brickwork lumps behind me. He conjures a giant glowing red hand and takes a swing. I barrel roll out of the way.

Oh, that's it.

A blur as I loop the Tower once to lead the pursuit away, then dive for the Tower roof. I take position under where Nabu floats in my friend's body.

"That shield any time you like!"

Klarion steps off the rubble as it barrels towards us. Nabu spares me a withering glance, before lowering himself to the ground and summoning a circular golden barrier between us and the attack.

Okay, leave the defence to him. Why is my attack so slow? Idiot, you're not focusing your avarice. You want a cat, what makes you want a cat?

Two small sleeping bundles of black fur huddled up on my knee for warmth. In a year, Bubbles and Magic will be too big for this. Too argumentative too, they really go for each other before Bubbles establishes his dominance. But for now, in a strange house away from their familiar cattery, and their mother, aunt, brothers and sisters, they can be content with me.

"Identity Theft twenty five percent complete."

Teekl, left behind in the frenzy of activity, looks in confusion between Klarion and myself.

"Maow?"

The fire-face comes in. Nabu spreads his arms, and two ankhs form a wedge, splitting the face in half. Then they flare and it collapses to nothing.

Hampden Park's railway station. The tiny tortoiseshell that spends so much of its time hanging around the travellers climbs onto the metal bench, peers at me for a moment, then sits on my lap.

"Identity Theft thirty seven percent complete."

Ring, charge?

Twelve percent.

Doable, as long as Nabu doesn't fuck up.

Klarion gestures, and a huge arch of stone rises up to crush us. Without thinking I grab Wallace and pull us out of it's path.

"Unhand me at once."

Oh. Right.

"Sorry."

I've lost sight of Klarion, though my link to Teekl is still in place.

I'm sleeping on my aunt's settee. Tomorrow is Christmas, and we're spending it with them. It's chilly, and Bulmer and Polo decide that if I think it's alright to sleep on their spot then they're perfectly at liberty to settle on me.

"Identity Theft fifty one percent complete."

I can feel Teekl. I turn my head to the left and I know she does too. In my mind I can see what she sees.

Teekl, reduce Klarion's power.

She doesn't want to. He's fun, and treats other people like she treats mice. Always someone new to toy with when you're with Klarion.

"You can't have my cat!" Klarion lunges out of a portal, hands wreathed in red flame. Nabu throws up a golden circular barrier, which flickers and shimmers as Klarion lets rip at point blank range.

He's smiling. Why is he smiling?

My Stance alerts me to the attack and I'm pulling myself aside even as the cluster of red lightning shards hits Nabu in the side, knocking him across the roof.

With him out of the way Klarion's glowing red eyes lock onto me, and his unfriendly smile lengthens into a predatory grin.

I'm sitting on the floor, watching dominant Klarion stalk towards his prey, hands crackling with red light. A man and a woman. They're dressed as puritans, and are backing away from him with expressions of horror on their faces. He's dressed in the same style. The male says something, and Klarion responds by raising his arms and hurling the red light forward. Their bodies are obscured for a moment, and their scent becomes strange. As I continue to watch, the visible outline inside the light shifts and contracts while Klarion laughs maniacally. He thrusts his hands forward, and the light aura collapses as he pulls out a pair of fun prey. He holds them up by the tails for a moment, then throws them to me.

...And back in the room.

I'm behind the stone arc before Klarion can release his spell. What the hell did I just see? I was close to the ground. I was looking up as Klarion turned two people into mice, then threw them.. to.. Teekl?

Teekl, was that you?

Fun with orange man? Fun hunt?

A short and very fast flight gets me over the edge of the battlements. The line between myself and Teekl is still a give away to my position, so I create six others radiating off from her in different directions.

Okay, I know from Dex-Starr in the comics and from my own experiences with dogs that power rings are perfectly capable of translating animal communications. I turn that ability off whenever possible. There's only so many times you can hear 'Ball! Ball! Gotta get the ball! Gotta get the ball!' before it gets really annoying. But I've never had images before. Teekl can send images? That's blooming useful that is.

"Identity Theft fifty nine percent complete."

"There you are!"

Move move move move move!

Doesn't this thing have a silent mode!

Klarion perches on a crenellation, hands at his sides. A dark portal opens in front of him, and six red outlined tendrils emerge from the aperture. They wiggle in the air for a moment, and then extend in my direction faster than I can move. I duck, dodge and try to get them in each others way. One still comes close to latching on, and I'm forced to block it.

Warning. Eleven percent power remaining.

The tendril slams into the small barrier, coils up against it and explodes in a surge of power.

"Nabu!"

I take cover next to the outside of the tower wall, baiting the five remaining tendrils for a moment before yanking myself over the rim. No luck. They can turn as fast as I can. As I fly past the centre of the roof I get a brief view of Nabu pelting Klarion with small ankhs. Hopefully that's taken care of. Alright, idea. I grab a pile of the brick lumps that Klarion sent after me earlier while forming a rail gun. Rail guns are fairly ring energy efficient, at least at the power levels appropriate to an inhabited area. Iron pellets from subspace strike each of the tendrils in turn while I slam the mass of rubble into the portal from which they are still emerging.

"Aaaaaghh!"

Klarion drops to his knees, grasping his head. The tendrils more or less shrugged off the iron strikes, slowing but healing the holes my projectiles made with no lasting damage. The portal itself however seems to have been the weak spot, destabilising and collapsing and taking the tendrils with it as it vanishes. Huh. Never would have thought that reading Titan would actually ever have practical value.

Nabu raises his arms in the most melodramatic fashion possible, and another golden ankh materialises around Klarion, pinning his neck, arms and chest. Nabu's attention turns back to me.

"Finish your work."

I halt in the air, still braced for another attack as I search my memories for more happy cat videos. Or maybe that's the wrong approach...

The keeper forces the male tiger to remain in the ditch in concealment while another keeper leads the female around to the rear of the herd. When the female makes herself visible, the gazelle flee straight towards the male, who goes into a frenzy of killing. Reintroduction into the wild will go as planned.

Orange man? Reason?

Klarion hunt alone, only hunt prey he can catch. Orange man hunt with whole pride. Work together to catch better prey.

I envisage the scene on Santa Prisca, with several notable supervillains caught by my team at our mercy. Our fight with Mister Twister, working together to trick him into a position of vulnerability and then pulling him apart.

Wait. Is a house cat going to understand that idea? I seem to remember reading that they only hunt alone, even when they live in colonies. Damn. Er, okay...

I'm kneeling down between my house and my local supermarket while a couple of local cats nose around my shopping bags. The younger one decides to climb on my knees to better rub against my chest.

"Identity Theft sixty six percent complete."

Teekl hunt with Klarion.

Teekl hunt with Klarion, or Klarion hunt while Teekl watch?

Her head turns a little to the side. She doesn't like that idea.

I double check that Klarion's still being held in place, then drop to the roof just in front of Teekl. I crouch, and hold out my right hand while narrowing my eyes in what I understand is an affectionate gesture for cats. She sniffs at me. She's mostly orange at this stage, but I can still see fleshy cat under the glow.

"Teekl, NO!"

Klarion changes. His arms and legs lengthen while remaining stick thin. His fingers extend, gaining extra joints. His eyes shrink, and start to glow red.

The ankh holding him snaps.

Ah, crap.

His spine extends.

"Nabu, you wanna do s-?"

Klarion envelopes Nabu in his left hand, runs red lightning through him for a moment, then hurls him to the ground and raises his right foot, an expression of glee on his distended face.

Grab.

Nabu gets deposited behind me. "Arh." He's awake, but that attack appears to have done appreciable damage. Can he heal himself? He slowly pushes himself up to a crouch, eyes fixed on Klarion.

Klarion only has eyes for me. "How can you be so annoying?!"

Klarion pulls his arms back, and a swarm of red dots appear around him. Sweeping his hands forward, the dots turn into a volley of red beams. Most head toward me, but with the Stance construct still in effect I just about manage to dodge them. Nabu angles himself to reduce his profile and creates a circular golden shield, which blocks them.

"Aaagh!"

Klarion raises his right hand into the air and brings it down in an arc, a wave of red fire flying in its wake. Again, I manage to dodge. Then Klarion stops.

"Uh oh."

Teekl didn't manage to dodge. The force of the attack knocked her several metres. It looks like rolling on the ground put the flames out. Or maybe she's resistant to chaos magic by now?

"Teekl?" Klarion raises a finger to his mouth. He looks genuinely nervous, an expression completely at odds with his current appearance. "Teek? I didn't mean it."

Teekl rolls onto her chest, shakes her head, then gingerly gets to her feet. All the while her eyes are fixed on Klarion.

"Roawwwwwwwwwww."

Teekl rolls onto her chest, shakes her head, then gingerly gets to her feet. All the while her eyes are fixed on Klarion.

"Roawwwwwwwwwww."

Her fur stands on end.

The ring jolts.

"Identity Theft eighty percent complete."

Her ears go back. Her tail lashes.

"Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr."

"Identity Theft ninety one percent complete."

"Hehkkhkhhk!"

Mouth open, teeth on display. Teekl prepares to attack.

"Identity Theft complete. Teekl of Witch World, you belong to the Orange Lantern Corps."

There's a brief flare of orange light as the fleshy cat becomes an unusually solid looking construct. The markings on her side are still in place, but the ones on her face have moved to assume the form of the orange sigil. Then she starts to grow.

Teekl, cut off his power first.

"No." Klarion shrinks down, his monstrous form fading. "No. No." The red glow vanishes from his eyes. He actually looks scared. "Teekl? Teek?"

"Rawawowowow!"

"Ah!" He frantically scrabbles around in his pockets as Teekl -now the size of a lion- pads forward, teeth bared. He finds something, and makes eye contact with me. "You took Teekl away from me! I don't know how you did this, but I'll get you!"

He holds up what looks like a small stone with a glowing shape carved into it, and throws it to the ground. There's a brief blast of wind and Teekl charges forward, but it's too late. He's gone.

Teekl pads over to the area he was standing in, and sniffs it. I smell it as she does. Klarion's scent contains far more fear than she remembers smelling for a very long time. She looks back at me, and I get a brief moment of confusion as I see me looking at her and her looking at me.

Ring, block sensory input from Teekl unless I specifically request otherwise.

Compliance.

"You severed a Lord of Chaos from the source of his power." Nabu is floating in the air just off the ground. Puts me in mind of how Black Adam held himself to reinforce the idea that he was separate from the mere Humans around him. "I did not think it could be done."

"Is it permanent?"

"Unlikely, though it will take him some time to find an appropriate anchor to serve as the cat's replacement."

Teekl's walking across the Tower roof. She's returned to her normal size, and is sniffing something...

Oh.

I walk over to Mister Nelson's body. I scan it to make sure, but he's fairly obviously dead.

Damn.

Teekl stands on his chest, circles around twice and then lays down. "Teekl, no. Come here."

I reach down and gently pick her up to hold her against my chest. Her coat feels normal, despite its new colouration. I rub her head, and lift up Mister Nelson's body.

PAIN!

The ring keeps me upright while it does repairs. This time it was my normal stomach acids turning into something much stronger. A chunk of my body dissolved.

Warning. Nine percent power remaining.

Chaos spell pulling me apart. Lord of Order behind me.

I turn around to where Nabu floats.

"Nabu. Hate to be a bother, but Klarion used a rather unpleasant spell on me earlier, and taking Teekl doesn't seem to have turned it off. Would you mind-?"

He reaches up and removes his Helmet. His blue and gold costume disappears immediately, returning Wallace to his normal clothing. Wallace drops a metre to the ground and lands lightly.

"Kid Flash. Glad to have you back with us, but I was really hoping that Nabu could do something about that.. spell.. residue.. in my chest.?"

His eyes go from Mister Nelson's body to the floor. "He almost.. almost didn't let me go."

"Who didn't?"

"Nabu."

Oh.

He holds the Helmet up and looks at it for a moment.

I don't remember any version of Nabu who actually stole unwilling hosts.

"He wants someone to wear him badly enough that he'll just steal bodies? We'd never accept that."

"I don't think he cares."

Wallace tucks the Helmet under one arm, crosses the Tower roof and picks up something. Mister Nelson's watch. He walks over to where I'm floating his body and places it on his chest before folding his arms across it. I ensure that they stay in place.

I glance at the somehow still intact lift.

"We should... We should probably get back down."

"Yeah. I think Nabu did something to Onomatopoeia. Stuck him somewhere."

"Good."

"Mister Nelson.. he offered to stay inside the Helmet to keep Nabu company. That was the only reason he released me."

"Is that bad?"

"He put off.. going on to wherever his wife is. For me."

"Well, I... We'll just have to find a new host quickly then."

A long term coma patient maybe? Or someone suicidal? This doesn't sound like a job anyone should take up.

"Nabu didn't treat Mister Nelson like that back in the forties. What changed?"

"He got stuck on a shelf for fifty years."

Makes sense.

"And now we have to leave him there, because he won't accept going back there. I wonder if Lords of Order have a concept of irony?"

"Soahc esir!"

Mister Zatara holds his gloved left hand over my bare chest. We're in the medical unit. No one else has any serious injuries, though Kaldur needed some stitches and Mister J'onzz gave M'gann a very careful examination after hearing what Klarion did to her. Kon got some medical tape, but he heals fast when exposed to sunlight and we put some light bulbs in an old storeroom near his quarters which are nearly as good.

Teekl's curled up on the next bed over. She tried laying next to me, but got annoyed by all of the people. Just Mister Zatara and myself left in here now. I imagine that Batman will be asking me some rather pointed questions about her very shortly.

Tiny fragments of red rise from my torso and hover next to Mister Zatara's hand.

"Yfillun."

They disintegrate and disappear.

It turned out that the reason everyone didn't leave by bioship was that someone -they couldn't tell whether it was Klarion or Onomatopoeia- attacked her when she came in to land while stealthed. M'gann had to send her away before they completely destroyed her. I went from low power to vapours repairing the damage to her left side for our journey back, and I was sweating more than a little by the time I got to my room to recharge the ring.

Red Tornado took Mister Nelson's body from me. Wallace repeated his story about Mister Nelson's soul staying in the Helmet. Wallace kept holding on to the Helmet the whole way back. I hadn't really thought about it, but that might be his first exposure to violent death.

There's going to be a funeral. Two, actually. Superhero life being what it is his family will perform the actual burial, and we'll go along later to pay our respects. I feel a bit weird about it. I didn't really know him. Turning up for a memorial with two of his old friends seems... odd.

Donna went home. Diana's here, but she's in the main room arranging for Mister Nelson's family to collect his body. Presumably they know about his superhero work? She never found John Constantine, though she said that she signed an autograph for Gemma Masters.

"Soahc esir."

This time the red shards resist, coming out more slowly. They stop a few centimetres from my skin. Mister Zatara's hand shakes.

Ow!

The spell collapses, and the chaos energy re-enters my body. "I am sorry, Paul, but I do not think that I can remove any more of the Witch Boy's magic."

Thought that would be a bit too easy. "Don't worry. I appreciate what you've been able to do. What do you think what's left will be able to do to me?"

His hand rubs his chin. "I cannot say with any degree of certainty. Chaos magic is by its very nature difficult to predict. But, it should be less than what you experienced during your second fight with Klarion."

"Is there any way to change what it will do?"

"Perhaps, but only within the bounds of the original spell. It will always be harmful to you. Diana told you that she plans to take you to visit Magala on Themyscira tomorrow?"

"Yeah, but there's someone else I wanna try first. Could you... Alter it so the effect is less, but constant? I should be able to suppress the pain from low level damage but I don't want to risk suddenly getting a serious injury while I'm on duty."

He looks a little puzzled. "If you want. I suppose there's a certain value in predictability, but I strongly recommend that you attempt to have the remainder removed as soon as possible."

I hold up my hands in surrender. "No fear."

"Very well then. Soahc cigam skaep nettalf!"

Ow. Ow.

It isn't too bad. More in line with a modest cramp, and the ring repairs the ongoing damage as it happens.

"Thank you."

He smiles slightly. "Before I go, I should ask. Did Kent give any indication of what he wanted us to do with the Helmet of Fate?"

"He wanted someone to take over. He told me that you'd already turned it down."

He doesn't quite wince, but he does turn his head to the side for a moment. "Yes. I did not like the idea of giving my body over to Nabu."

"Yeah, Wallace... Doesn't sound like Nabu feels like sharing any more, and I'm not sure whoever it was in New Orleans would have felt any differently than you do."

"Diana said that she and Donna were following up a lead in Liverpool. I do not know of any practitioners of the mystic arts in that city."

Idiot.

Zatara looks at me curiously.

"You think he had someone in mind?"

"I.. recommended someone. I... Now we know what Nabu was thinking, I doubt he'd have taken it."

"Who was it?"

Shit.

He's noticed that I'm hesitating.

"John Constantine."

His face freezes. He knows him then, and he doesn't like him. It can't be about Zatanna, she's fourteen. Ah well, Zatara's decent enough that he won't take it out on me.

"Thinking about it, if there was a man who could get one over on a Lord of Order, heh, and might try on principle..."

He's frowning. "I am somewhat surprised that you know of him."

I shrug. "I've been trying to learn about magic. His name came up, I investigated... The official version of what happened in Newcastle is total nonsense, by the way."

He considers it for a moment. "Do you mean to say that Kent was going to give the Helmet of Fate, to him?"

"No, he was going to check up on Mister Constantine himself, then maybe ask him about it. Got the impression he was getting a bit desperate."

He nods. "I suppose he was."

"What's going to happen to the Helmet now? I think Wallace just wants to stick it in the trophy cupboard, but that doesn't seem... really.."

"That... Will be a matter for careful consideration." He nods to me. "I wish you a speedy recovery."

He turns and leaves, nearly bumping into M'gann at the door. After a mutual apology she walks in. I vest myself and swing around into a sitting position with my legs over the side of the bed. She looks... worried for some reason. Head slightly bowed, tension in the shoulders. Is she mimicking Human body language, or do Martians show things in the same way? Has she just learned that here?

"Hi M'gann. How are you doing?"

"How am I doing? I'm not the one who had chunks of raw chaos magic sticking out of my chest!"

"Oh, I know I'm not fine, but I'm not dying, and there's a good chance I can get fully repaired."

Teekl looks up, sleepily. "Mrw?"

Teekl, come here.

She gets to her feet, and takes a moment to stretch out.

M'gann grabs the chance to avoid what she came here to talk about. "Is there a reason why you're creating a cat construct?"

I raise my left hand. "No orange line means I'm not maintaining her. When I turn something into a construct it just.. stays there."

"You can turn things into constructs?"

"Some things. It's permanent, so I haven't really wanted to test it."

Teekl jumps onto my bed, and walks over to face M'gann. She leans forward and sniffs the air. M'gann reaches out towards her.

"How did you know that doing this to her would cut Klarion off from his magic?"

"I heard of a case where a wizard.. beat an enemy magic user by doing something similar."

M'gann's hand is now within Teekl's sniffing range. She presses her nose against it. "Who was that?"

"His name is John Constantine."

"Oh! The man you told Mister Nelson about."

"That's the guy."

Teekl sits back, and M'gann goes to stroke her head. "Is he a wise and noble wielder of the arcane mysteries?"

...

Um, how to put this...

"I'd describe him more as 'cunning' and 'well intentioned'. Pretty sure he could do the job, but I don't think Mister Zatara likes him, and it looks like the League will be deciding what happens to the Helmet."

Teekl's tail flicks, and she dawks M'gann, who snatches her hand back. M'gann flashes me an annoyed look. "Hey!"

"Wasn't me! She's still mostly her, and I got the impression that she grew up on a farm. Not entirely domesticated. Stroke at your own risk."

M'gann rubs her injured hand, her face sliding back into her earlier expression of unease.

"Are you sure there's nothing wrong? You just.. look a bit.."

She's looking at her feet.

!Support your teammate!

I stand, put my best friendly smile on my face and my right hand on her shoulder.

"M'gann, what's wrong?"

"When you were... When we were carrying you inside the Tower, I could hear what you were thinking. About my face."

What did I..?

"I was pretty out of it. I don't really remember, and if I thought anything offensive-"

"No. No, it wasn't that."

She finally looks up at me. "You were thinking that you were sad that I haven't shown you my-."

She stops, and looks over her shoulder at the still shut door. She wants privacy? Okay then.

Ring, block all observation devices in this room.

Compliance.

"My Martian face. You thought it meant I don't trust you."

Ah. "It's not... I know you trust me, I just.. I'd like to think that you feel able to show me that. If you don't want to, that's fine. It's not a problem for me. I know roughly what you look like anyway."

"Could.. could you keep the door shut, please?"

Ring, do it.

An orange line extends from my left foot, runs across the floor and highlights the door.

"Actually... You don't. When you showed me what you think Martians look like, in the kitchen, I was.. I was just so worried that you found out I didn't think about it. But, when I thought about it later I realised that the image you showed me wasn't all that accurate."

Oh. "It still doesn't matter, I wasn't thinking straight."

"No. You.. you were right. There's no reason-" She takes a step back. **-not to show you.**

Her hair retreats into her head, which expands, becoming squarer. Her arms, legs and torso lengthen while her living clothing pulls back across her skin, leaving just the red X. Not that she has anything to conceal in this form, as far as I can tell. Her arms terminate in the same two fingers I felt at the Tower, and her feet have three webbed toes. Her... carapace? Is hard and green, with softer parts in dull lilac. There's a membrane of some kind between her upper arms and the side of her chest. Her skull like face has some sort of fleshy bulge projecting from the back, but that can't be the source of her telepathy as she certainly doesn't have that in Human form. Her natural posture in this form appears to be bent over, knuckle walking, and she's quite a lot larger than a Human.

I suppose she really isn't a White Martian here.

It... She looks odd, like this, but honestly it isn't repulsive. I place my left hand on her right forearm. No, that won't be enough. I float up until my face is level with hers, and rest my forehead against her forehead. Next, I run my hands along the hard ridges under her eyes.

**See? Not so bad, is it?** I allow her to feel every part of my reaction.

**I suppose not.**

She doesn't quite sound convinced. She lifts her left hand and clasps her right arm, a nervous gesture I recognise from her Human form.

**Did the others see this when we entered the Tower? I triggered your shapeshifting to try and undo Klarion's attack, but I seem to remember-**

**No, I didn't change all the way, and the others thought that it was caused by Klarion.**

Makes sense, I suppose.

**M'gann, I feel truly privileged that you have show me this part of yourself. I'll keep it secret for as long as you want me to, but I say again that I think you'll find our team mates much more accepting than you appear to think.**

**I... Maybe. But I don't think I'm ready to do that yet. I can show you because you sort of knew anyway, but...**

**You don't need to explain it to me.**

I'm so glad that she decided to do this.

!M'gann Mine!

20th August
10:02 GMT

My body is telling me that it's five o'clock in the morning, and I don't know enough about my body clock to use the ring to reset it.

I'm in Truro, Cornwall, sitting at a picnic table outside a pub called The Builders Arms. The sign depicts four arms radiating from a centre point, each holding a tool of the trade. The school summer holidays are still in full swing here and in a few hours this place will be full of tourists getting lunch. The weather's just about good enough for my customary jeans and vest combo, and I've got my environmental shield set to minimum. The sigils on my clothing are visible, but they aren't glowing and so aren't attracting any attention.

I'm here to finally meet Robert Marrack, fourteen years of age and better known in the West Counties as Cornwall Boy. It turns out that I was mistaken when I first looked him up; he isn't called Captain Cornwall. Golden Crust Pasties just have a poorly laid out website. Getting hold of him was easy enough: he has a mobile phone, I have a power ring. Persuading him to meet me was fairly straight forward as well. I told him that I had a minor magic related problem that I hoped he could help me with. Respect to him though, he actually checked that I didn't want to speak to his father and had the sense to suggest a public place to meet.

If he can't help me with the residue from Klarion's spell then I'm getting that trip to Themyscira after all. I'll conduct the interview anyway, though I will need to be very clear that this is merely an information gathering exercise and isn't an offer of a position.

I think Diana was joking about me needing to wear a bag over my head.

Teekl seems to accept being around the team, though Kon finds her a bit weird. I asked if she wanted to come but she said that she'd rather explore her new home. Well, it actually came out as "Tell place I own", but I think that's what she meant.

Cats don't wee on stuff to mark it, do they? Oh, hang on, they do. My aunt had trouble with Polo doing that. Can a construct urinate?

I've had the ring tracking Cornwall Boy since he left his house, but he's only now coming into view down the road. He's wearing blue jeans and a white t-shirt with the Cornish flag printed on the front. As far as I know he isn't a nationalist, so he's probably just sticking to a theme in the same way I do. His hair's a dull blonde and his ears stick out a bit. He looks physically fit. Less muscular than me, but he has to actually work for it. When he gets close enough to start trying to work out where the guy he's meeting is, I wave with my right hand. He nods at me and starts walking faster. I rise as he approaches the table.

"Mister Marrack. Pleased to meet you."

I offer him my right hand. For a moment he seems a little off balance. Could be my accent. I think that living around Americans had caused me to redevelop the Received Pronunciation accent which I abandoned in primary school. Granny would be pleased.

He takes it in the slightly careful way that I've noticed people with super strength do when interacting with the squishy folk; holding but not applying any pressure.

"You can just call me Rob. Mister Marrack's my da."

"Alright, Robert. Please, take a seat."

He sits, looking a little uncomfortable. "So, you got some kind magic problem?"

"Yes, yes. Yesterday evening I had a run in with a rather unpleasant practitioner of chaos magic. The spell's been largely removed, but there's residual energy that's causing me some trouble."

"A chaos wizard? Where was this, then?"

"Salem, in Massachusetts."

"And who exactly removed the spell?"

"Kent Nelson. I don't think you'll have heard of him."

"No, I haven't. So, why isn't he doing this?"

"The chaos wizard killed him."

"Oh. I'm sorry."

"Mmm. I didn't actually know him all that well, and he'd had a good innings."

"Right. Um. So what's this spell do then?"

"In its original form it dissolved parts of my body in a manner determined by its caster. Now, I just get a constant burning, and I don't mean a burning sensation. It is continuing to harm me. Quite painful, too."

He looks off to the side. I imagine he's thinking in the same way I did just after the bridge cable collapsed in Metropolis. Something's happening in front of you and you know it's your job to fix it, but you're not sure where to start.

"Look, um, I don't really... I mean, I haven't been trained in removing spells and that. Da said that stuff can be really dangerous if you don't know what you're doing."

"The spell isn't active, there's just some of the energy used to make it left over. I don't know.. how your.. connection with this sort of thing works, exactly. But if you can just take a look, and if you don't think you can help, that's fine, I'll just find someone else."

He still looks a bit uncomfortable, but he's getting his head in the game. "Yeah, I can do that. Whereabouts did the spell hit you?"

I point. "Bottom of my left lung, and centre of the abdomen."

"Jesus! And that was dissolving you?"

"Yeah, not a lot of fun."

"Okay, give me a minute."

He holds his hands out slightly, and closes his eyes. A moment passes. "I can feel it. I think. I can't really feel much from you."

"That's because I don't have a soul."

His eyes snap open. "What?"

I shake my head. "Problem for another day. So, can you help?"

"Maybe? It doesn't feel like there's much there. Da said that minor magics like that just wear off if you leave them."

"That's where the no soul thing comes in. Normally a person's soul will deal with foreign magic energy. Since I don't have one, I need to make sure that the wound's completely clear."

"That.. that sort of makes sense. There's.. something I can try. If this starts to hurt, you tell me immediately, right?"

"No need to worry about that."

Ring, monitor rate of ongoing physical damage to affected areas.

Compliance.

Robert sticks his hands out again, eyes unfocused but open this time. I can't see anything happen. There's no glow, no distortion in the air, but the pain fades to nothing almost immediately.

Rate of ongoing physical damage reduced to zero.

Hm. Lad came through.

"That shoulda sorted it."

I poke the impact sites through my vest. Still no pain. "I think you're right. Thank you. I was worried I'd be stuck with that for life."

"Ah, don't mention it." He definitely looks happier now. I know that feeling. "So, this chaos wizard. Did he get a load of other people too?"

"Not so far as I'm aware. Why?"

"Well, I could, like, fix them up as well?"

"No, I... I kind of made myself a target."

"What'd you do?"

"I beat up one of his henchmen, and then had a go at him."

He looks at me incredulously for a moment. "I thought America was full of superheroes. What were you doing fighting a chaos wizard?"

I smile. "Oh, you know-" I turn my right hand palm up, and generate a rotating orange sigil. "-professional occasion."

He recoils.

"Fucking..."

I close my hand and remove the sigil. After a quiet moment with no follow up he calms down again.

"I just realised; you never told me your name."

"Correct. I didn't. Orange Lantern two eight one four, at your service. And I do mean that; I owe you for this."

He blinks as he takes this on board. "Orange Lantern. Like Green Lantern, only orange?"

I raise my left hand, palm pointing toward him so that he can get a look at the ring. He stares at it. "Same technology in the rings, certainly. Here-" I take a card with my name on it from subspace. "-since you gave me your name, it's only fair."

He takes the card from me, looks at it then looks back at me. "Paul?"

I shrug. "Dad wanted to call me Matthew."

"R-right."

"Is this a bigger shock that I thought it would be? I mean, you've met other.. empowered people before, right?"

"Yeah, but... Wait, empowered..?" He shifts back in his seat again. "You're not a criminal, right? 'Cause I know a lot of superheroes have villains with powers a lot like-."

I raise my hands to stop him. "No. The worst thing I've done was inadvertently destroying some money. Oh, and stealing someone's cat."

"Why'd you steal someone's cat?"

"It was the familiar of the chaos wizard I mentioned. Without it he lost access to most of his power, but she's still technically his property."

"And the money?"

"That's a bit complicated. Long story short? I pay for things with precious metal now, and the US Treasury Department told me that they don't intend to press charges."

He considers. "Um. Don't take this the wrong way, but I haven't heard of you. And I read a lot about superheroes in America."

I wave it off. "I've only been active for a month and a half, and I've mostly been in training. The missions I have been on, I'm not really supposed to talk about." I shrug. "Sorry."

Another pause. "Does the US have a superhero training program, then? That why they've got so many?"

"Huh? Oh, no, it's not a government scheme."

I start feeling it. The feeling I get when I'm about to make someone really happy. It's tingly, pins-and-needle's benevolent cousin.

"Then, who's training you?"

I take my League-issued ID out of subspace and push it across the table to him.

He doesn't pick it up. It seems to have transfixed him. He actually gulps. "Is that.. real.?"

I pick it up and disappear it. "Yes. Though I would appreciate it if you didn't, for example, phone the Themysciran embassy to confirm that."

"You... You're a member of the Justice League?"

"No, and keep it down a bit, would you? I'm part of a Justice League run training program. If I meet their standards, and if I want to, I might eventually join the League's roster."

"How'd you.. get into that?"

"Recommendation from a friend of Wonder Woman; the Green Lantern from the nineteen forties. You've heard of him, right?"

"Yeah, of course. He was one of the founders of the Justice Society. But I thought he was dead."

"Please don't tell him that."

"Uh, sure."

"Actually, that's the other thing I wanted to talk to you about."

Tingly tingly tingly.

"I've been putting together a dossier on you, your abilities and character. I want to be clear from the start: I don't have the authority to just bring someone on board. But, if it's something you want to get involved in, I'm perfectly happy to make a recommendation to the people running it. That doesn't mean they'll offer you a place soon, if ever. But, if you want to get more involved in superheroing, it's a pretty good route to take."

"Who's.. who runs the program?"

"Batman's in charge of mission assignments. Black Canary organises training, though my combat training is mostly handled by Green Lantern two eight one four bee."

"Which one's that?"

"The ginger one."

"Oh! Guy Gardner."

Knew it.

"Wait. You know Batman?"

"I've spoken to him, and he knows who I am. I'm not on his Christmas card list or anything."

He puts his right hand on his forehead. "What do you want to know?"

"To start with, are you interested?"

He looks me straight in the eyes. "Of course I'm bloody interested."

20th August
21:27 GMT -6

From the cover of trees in the Prairie State Park I'm observing a collection of wrecked cars in a scrap yard just outside of Central City. Kadabra's gone to ground, but now that I know what his technology looks like it isn't hard to find. That's a real scrap yard, but a good chunk of what my unaided eyes are seeing isn't real.

The perimeter of his base of operations is delineated by wrecked cars along three sides and the outer fence along the fourth. Other wrecks are arranged in such a way that, from outside, it isn't obvious that you're looking at a straight wall. In the centre of the area it looks like there's another cluster of wrecks, but it's actually a hologram of some kind disguising a fancy looking caravan. Interior decoration looks pretty nice as well.

The ring has also detected a number of subspace pockets around the area, linked to what are probably booby traps. It can't identify the devices on the other side, but it seems to think they're supposed to cause a local spatial distortion. The full description sounds like a vortex grenade.

I takes me a second to deactivate them and smash in through the roof of Kadabra's home.

Jam...

Oh. He isn't here. He was a moment ago. Teleportation, perhaps?

Scan.

Hm. Not a bad effort. Looks like he's not even going to try a phase shift this time. There are several subspace pockets with some sort of matter transmission devices in them, and a couple of others which don't appear to contain much of anything. They are tiny, and contains only tiny amounts of matter and parts of a complex energy waveform which...

Is that..? Is he hiding in subspace? No, there's just... Oh.

Oh.

Teleportation suspension inside a subspace pocket. That can't be safe. Ring, how long is that set to last?

Unable to determine. Devices make use of randomisation units whose technology defies analysis.

Come again?

Performing further analysis. Unable to determine. Certain similarities exist between residual radiation discovered at user's origin point and radiation within all subspace pockets. No other comparable samples on record.

Kadabra has Bleed tech? No, no, I can't assume that the Bleed exists without more evidence. At any rate, whatever he's using must be fairly impressive to defy a power ring.

Ring, analyse the comprehensible parts of the devices. Are you able to bring him out?

Unable to determine with certainty. However, the components controlling the system appear to largely utilise more comprehensible technologies. The evacuation protocols have been detected, and are available at your instruction.

I take a few steps back.

Do it.

The pockets containing the devices fire beams of blue-white light into the centre of the cluster, where it collects.

How does that work?

Ring, continual analysis.

Compliance.

Lightning -no, it can't just be lightning, I've no idea what it is- cracks between the energy portals and the centre point, forming a constant connection. Frozen lightning?

I see Kadabra's outline build in the centre of the area, then the whole thing collapses, filling him in. He staggers for a moment before catching himself.

Jam.

He looks up, and sags slightly. "I hoped that would work."

"Sorry."

He flops down into a nearby armchair, and lazily waves a hand in the direction of a whiskey decanter on sideboard. Nothing happens. After a moment he gives up. "So, what now?"

Ring, Ophidian's Eyes.

There are faces, historical figures he admires. People whose inventions weren't just improvements on existing technologies, but radical departures from accepted truths. Some of them are not Human, but I don't get a clear idea of era like this. His boyhood reaction to seeing the activation process of.. some sort of device.. I can't tell what it is. Failing to find the same sensation in his own studies in.. engineering? Wonder. He wants wonder. Something he doesn't understand and can't learn by just reading the work of another.

I can work with that.

"Now, I pump you for information and then, decide what to do with you. Lets start with: where, and when, are you from?"

"You wouldn't know the name. It doesn't exist yet."

"Humour me."

"The Halo of Valgrun Septimus."

"Explain?"

"A halo is an artificial orbital ring. Valgrun-" He looks up at the hole I made in his ceiling, and sighs. "-you can't see it from here. I think it's in that direction." He points towards the ground.

It probably doesn't matter. "Alright. And when?"

For a moment he makes eye contact. "How do you..?" He sighs again. "About four thousand years in your future."

Woo. That's a long time. I don't even know what Human society was like four thousand years ago. Hang on, is what he's been using really the limit of Human technology after four thousand years? I mean, it isn't bad, but shouldn't he have a much easier time of it?

"Don't take this the wrong way, but the technology you've used so far, doesn't seem..."

"I scrambled the control systems before I left, but the people of my era would have no trouble detecting me if I'd taken anything more advanced than what I use now with me when I came to this era."

"And I assume that you have no way to return?"

He sneers. "Even if I did, all that's waiting for me there is a brief interrogation and then an execution."

"And why this period of time?"

"This period of time is known in the future for apparently anachronistic technology. It's just about the only part of Human history in which I could get away with this."

Hmm. So, he can't do much to improve this era's technology without getting spotted, and from his point of view it's all old hat anyway. He wants something new.

"Why were you working for Klarion?"

He makes a shrugging gesture with one hand. "He offered to teach me magic. The society I come from, we don't really use it. It interests me."

Bit more to it than that, I think. "When you first arrived in this era, what made you pick a fight with the Flash?"

"I didn't, not immediately. I spent months familiarising myself with the Earth of this era, making sure the historical information I had was even slightly accurate."

"Why wouldn't it be?"

"I don't know. Some sort of great disaster, perhaps? Maybe they don't put completely accurate data in the archives to prevent people trying what I did."

"Okay, so what did you do next?"

"I tried to find a practitioner of magic who could teach me. This was back in nineteen ninety nine, so Atlantis had no formal contact with the rest of the world. I couldn't find anyone. In the end, I decided to set myself up as a stage magician. I'm actually quite skilled, even without my technology. With it, it was child's play. The money was good, and the applause gratifying-."

"You forced people to applaud you."

"Sometimes, yes. It made the situation bearable. But I had hoped that I'd draw a genuine wizard out to meet a fellow practitioner. No takers." His eyes move to the decanter again. I wave my right hand and he slowly lifts himself out of his chair, gingerly walks over and pours himself a glass. He then picks up an empty glass and looks at me in an enquiring manner.

"No, thank you."

He knocks the first one back, then pours another, adding some ice from a container built into the surface of the sideboard. "Three years I travelled the world like that. Central City... The Flash... They were flukes. I simply happened to be here when I finally ran out of patience. I had hoped that he would summon magical aid, or that a magician would be drawn there by my actions." He takes a sip. "No such luck."

"Why didn't you try talking to Giovanni Zatara?"

He gives me a look. "Please. He's an obvious fake. Talking backwards?"

"Hate to break it to you, by Mister Zatara is very much a real magic user."

"What?"

"This time last night he was pulling bits of Klarion's spell out of my chest."

That did not compute. "But... Talking backwards!"

"It's some sort of bloodline thing. I don't understand how it works."

His left hand goes to his forehead.

"So, why Klarion? Why not try Atlantis now? After your last term in Iron Heights you didn't have any outstanding warrants..?"

"Atlantis gives out only slightly more travel visas than Themyscira does. They certainly wouldn't let a man with a criminal record study magic there. Klarion.. approached me a few months ago. Said that he liked the way I caused chaos, and that he'd be happy to teach me if I did some work for him."

"Anything other than kidnapping Kent Nelson?"

"He also had me manufacture some synthetic materials. Nothing an advanced laboratory from this era couldn't produce."

"Anything special about them?"

"Strong and tough, but other than that? No." He takes another sip. "Stupid thing is, he didn't actually teach me anything. I tried copying his gestures and words. Nothing."

"Oh, that's not the stupid thing. You know what is?" He looks at me. "Mister Nelson was looking for a successor. If you'd sought him out rather than picking a fight with the Flash, he'd probably have given you a chance at it."

"Bah! I thought he was simply a retired archaeologist! I had no way to know he was Fate until Klarion told me."

"Really? You didn't bring any data analysis gear with you from the future? You couldn't narrow down probabilities based on known appearance and appearances?"

"No." He stares morosely at his drink. "I didn't think it would be this hard."

Hmm. What to do with him now? Standard procedure would be to drop him off with the local police, after checking they could actually hold him of course. But...

He wants to experience wonder again, and believes that he'll find it in magic since his society doesn't use it. I could probably get him a teacher. Heck, he'd probably be my friend for life if I just showed him the books Mister Nelson gave me. Could I use that to keep him on the straight and narrow?

"I should probably tell you now, I don't think that Klarion is in a position to keep his end of the deal."

"Why do you say that?"

"I turned his familiar into an orange construct."

His hand tightens on his glass.

"Magic users have powerful bonds with their familiars, and in his case me taking it cost him most of his power."

His downs his drink, and then puts his glass down. The ice rattles as his hand shakes.

"Mister Kadabra, I'm going to offer you a deal."

"Oh?"

"You may not know many magic users who could teach you, but I'm confident that I could find one or two. If you hand yourself in to the Central City police department, confess to everything you've done but not been sentenced for and serve your time, then upon your release I will arrange for you to receive tuition for as long as you remain rehabilitated."

"And if I don't take your offer?"

I shrug. "Nothing much. I knock you out and hand you over. You go back to Iron Heights, or on to Belle Reve, and when you eventually get out you're in no better position than you are now."

He considers it for a moment. "Why should I believe you?"

"You want magic, I want you on the straight and narrow. This doesn't have to be hard."

He still hesitates. I hold out my left hand. Ring, book.

"This is a volume on basic Elemental lore Mister Nelson gave me before his death. Outline only, you wouldn't be able to summon something with what's in here. If you take accept my offer, I'll let you read it first. But, if you cheat on the deal, I will forcibly remove your implants, and I don't think twenty first century technology would allow you to rebuild them."

His eyes flick between my face and the book.

"I know magic users, and if reasoned argument fails I could pay a commercial mage from Atlantis to come to you if I had to. Do the intelligent thing."

He still hesitates, hand raised to grasp. "Can I... Think about it?"

I remove the book. "You have one week."

He nods.

"On another matter, I was interested to see that you know about the Orange Lantern Corps. Do you know of the War of Light?"

"How could I not? Entire planetary populations turned into undead monstrosities. I came to this time period so that I'd have a chance to learn what I wanted before any of that happened."

"Yes, Black Lanterns can be a bit of a handful, can't they?"

"Black? No, not Black. Orange."

*Episode 08*: Initiative

27th August
05:38 GMT -5

Note to self: don't try looking into the soul of a man made of clay.

I collapse into my chair on the bioship, close my eyes and press my hands against my temples. When we confronted Clayface in the storm drains I thought that taking a look would be useful for intelligence purposes. It wasn't as if he was an immediate threat to anyone down there. One blast of orange confusion later and I recovered just in time to get slammed against the walls. That didn't hurt, but it did distract me from the fight until my team mates were downed, at which point they became my priority.

Taking on Clayface without specialist equipment isn't a great idea, but once my mind stops spinning I should be able to put something together. I am slightly worried that this version appears able to take on additional material; he was leaving blobs of mud around the place but wasn't any smaller afterwards. Why were we even engaging it? I thought Batman said that he just wanted us to track it?

The only vaguely coherent thing I got from that ill-advised use of Ophidian's Eyes was a series of fractured images of a woman I recognise as Talia al Ghul. In this timeline she and Batman broke up about a year ago. Since this version of Matthew Hagen works for the League of Shadows, he'd probably know her. Not sure why she was the only thing I could see, I usually get some kind of narrative and an idea of the way the target thinks about things.

"-point of putting on a clean costume when I'm not fresh?"

"Oh, Wally, you're always fresh."

I open my eyes.

"At least you have a clean costume."

Cleaning duty it is, then. I raise my left hand.

"Yeah, an old back-up! No stealth mode! It stinks!"

Ring, sort them out before my headache gets worse.

A beam strikes Wallace right in the lightning bolt, and a wave of orange disintegrates all of the residual clay. Next, it hits Kon, where it removes a lump of the caked on mud before disintegrating the rest. The removed blob floats over to me.

Ring, analyse.

Substance contains Aluminium, Oxygen, Silicone, Hydrogen, Iron, Magnesium, and various other elements. It is clay, and matches the chemical composition of local clay.

"Thanks Oh El!"

I rub my forehead with my right hand. "Don't worry about it."

Anything special about this clay?

Observed phenomena have no basis in conventional chemistry.

Right, right. Of course, the problem there might be me. I keep thinking that clay shouldn't be able to do that. I remember that the comics had a load of different Clayfaces, but the only origin I remember is the one from Batman: the Animated Series. Some sort of beauty product, wasn't it?

"So what do we do about the creature?"

Robin has never encountered Clayface before, so Hagen must have been transformed sometime between his last encounter with them and now. I doubt Robin would remember him though; he and Batman tend to go through henchmen rather quickly. I only know his former face because I made a point of looking him up.

"Batman wanted us to track it."

Well remembered, M'gann.

"Why settle for that? Okay, sure, it got the drop on us. But now we know its tricks!"

:-|

Kaldur, slap Wallace for me would you?

"Yeah! We split up!"

:-[

Kaldur?

"Then whoever finds old 'Clayface' radios the team."

Wait, what? Why is Robin-?

"We converge and kick some clay-butt!"

!-[

Kon, we're going to be having a talk about this.

"What do you think, Aqualad?"

"What? Oh. Yes... It seems we have a plan."

}:[

"Oh, we most certainly do not!"

The clay sample I was analysing moves aside as I rise out of my chair, and land with some force in the front of the ship.

"Are you seriously saying that you want to attack Clayface using exactly the techniques that just failed. He cannot be meaningfully hurt by kinetic force. And you think splitting up will improve our chances!?"

No sound. They're all looking at me, though.

Think calm thoughts.

>:[

I point at Wallace.

"Kinetic force."

I point at Kon.

"Kinetic force."

I point at M'gann.

"Mostly, kinetic force."

I point at Robin.

"And unless you've changed your utility belt load out without telling me, kinetic force! Now, does anyone have any ideas for fighting a thing made entirely of clay that are actually sensible?"

Stunned silence.

Oh, Kaldur's woken up.

"Could you track it with your ring?"

"No, because it's got exactly the same chemical composition as Gotham mud-"

I bring my clay sample to float in front of me, and wave it at him.

"-and Clayface can change his shape at will. No constant unique physical characteristics."

He looks down for a moment.

"Is there something you would like to suggest?"

"As I see it, we have two options for fighting it. We can bake it hard, or we can try and mix it with so much water that it can't maintain it's integrity."

"How would we do that?"

"Can you use your water bearers to force water into it?"

"Possibly. But what is to stop it simply reforming?"

"Not much. I'm hoping that it needs a certain amount of clay in one place in order to think complex thoughts. But for my preferred option, Robin-"

I shift my attention from Kaldur to him.

"-do you know where you can lay your hands on some thermite at short notice?"

He grins.

"Well, hah, that could have gone better."

Directly in front of me, the hard baked form of Matthew Hagen makes no response. Behind him, my reinforced anti-radiation shield bubble doesn't quite block out the sight of my fallen team mates. A quick check shows no serious injuries, then I ignore them and focus on the shield.

My gun construct is still up. On one level I know I don't need it: Clayface is baked. But the primitive parts of my brain are rejecting out of hand the idea that the huge mud-man who TPKed my team can't hurt me, at least until they've seen its blood.

I double check my armour. Still good. I mean, I wouldn't last long enough to know if it wasn't, but still.

What little plan we'd had was abandoned nearly as soon as we got to this warehouse. I hadn't seen this version of Clayface shapeshift, but apparently it was good enough at it to get the drop on all my team mates. I tried to scoop it up into a construct bubble, but it was able to exert colossal pressure and I couldn't hold it. Kaldur got slammed into a wall and I was faced with a choice between letting it out into Gotham, or using one of my shouldn't-use-in-an-inhabited-area constructs.

Maintain the shield. Maintain the shield. Everything will be alright if you maintain the shield.

"Orange Lantern."

Batman's behind me, outside the shield. It might be that he's just that sneaky, but I don't think I'm paying attention to much else at the moment.

Clayface is really big, up close.

Maintain the shield.

Not all that much bigger than Flinders, really. I think it's the obvious inhumanity that's getting to me. I mean, even after his transformation Flinders was obviously a functioning organic being.

"Orange Lantern."

"Sorry sir, did you say something? I'm a bit distracted."

"Is the creature neutralised?"

"Far as I can tell. No activity of any kind. And if it were magic, it'd still be going for me."

"Drop the shield. I'll take it from here."

"Sir, I'm compelled to obey your orders but I'm going to have to respectfully suggest that you reconsider that one."

"Your reason?"

"I was in too much of a rush to calibrate my attack properly. I'm not sure exactly how much gamma radiation I hit him with, but if I dropped the shield Gotham would probably melt."

I'm not looking at him, and I'm not going to split my attention to analyse his expression under his mask. He doesn't say anything for a moment.

"You are able to maintain the shield?"

Fuck yes.

"If I couldn't, we'd never know about it."

"How much radiation escaped before you raised the shield?"

"I put the shield up first. With both of us inside it. Probably why I'm a bit-" I jazz hands. "-at the moment."

"Have you been exposed at all?"

"No, 'cause this much gamma? There's no such thing as a little exposure. Look, I should.. I should probably take him somewhere. D'you mind if I drop him off on Ganymede? It's nice this time of year. Well, actually it isn't, but no one's using it and if I release the radiation there then it shouldn't hit anything inhabited in sufficient concentration to do anything."

"That sounds like a reasonable precaution."

Next to the wall, Kaldur starts to pick himself off the floor. I look up.

Okay, it's just glass. I can cut through it and lift it out of the way, no trouble.

Up we go.

I rise gradually, taking a chunk of floor with me. I had to put the shield under the ground as well, otherwise it wouldn't have worked. Of course, that means I'm stuck with Gotham warehouse floor until I get to Ganymede. Do I take a chance and FTL it there? No, far too risky with something like this.

I project a clamp construct from the top of the bubble shield and attach it to the skylight. Next, a cutting blade from the side slices an ovoid just a little wider all around than my bubble.

Maintain the shield.

I rise up through my hole. Normally I'd take the time to reattach the window, but that bit of roof looks solid enough. I'll just lay it down there. Okay, accelerate.

With nothing else to think about I look down at the city as it appears below me for a few minutes before being concealed by the clouds. I know I instinctively think of Gotham as a shithole, but having actually had a look at the place, I think my accusation may have been premature. Or maybe its that nowhere could be as bad as comics Gotham and still function, so this place looks good in comparison. The crime rate is high, but it's United States high, not Mogadishu high. The formerly unchallenged crime syndicates were either destroyed by Batman -though Harvey Dent got Falcone himself- or shrunk to a shadow of their former might. Commissioner Gordon hasn't quite cleaned up the police department, but without a safe source of money and a corruption friendly working environment Gotham's shady police have decided that now is the time for sensible men and women to be honest.

Above the cloud layer now. Nothing to look at but Hagen's face. I don't understand how he functions. It's actually possible that he is still alive in some way. Is he aware, like this? There's no where for light or sound to go, but then, there wasn't when we fought him and he seemed to manage.

I killed him.

I killed him.

Oh, I could justify it. I think on balance it was probably the right thing to do, given the situation. And he was certainly trying to kill us, if a bit clumsily. But I looked into the mess that they'd turned his soul into, then an hour later I intentionally hit him with enough gamma radiation to sterilise the northern hemisphere.

I just killed a man.

I don't really feel bad for him, but as I leave the Earth's atmosphere I get this weird feeling that I've violated some sort of rule. That I should expect some sort of retribution. Did Batman have a way to stop him without that level of force? I didn't try freezing, would that have worked? Alright, when I get back, find the schematics for Leonard Snart's cold gun.

Would they consider him to have been alive? There was nothing I could point to, no brain waves or heart beat.

I don't know.

Is he going to wake up, once the radiation dissipates? Reliquefy, or whatever? Create a body of Ganymedian mud, and rampage around the place in total isolation?

I'm not using the Eyes on him again.

My current speed would be deadly in an atmosphere, but in space it's fine. Shouldn't take me more than twenty minutes to reach Ganymede orbit, then maybe another twenty depositing him safely onto the surface.

I need to find out why this happened.

I ended up putting him on a rise in the centre of an impact crater. There's a certain grandeur to it, and he'll get an unobstructed view of both sunrise and Jupiter-rise. Don't know if he'd have cared about that. I didn't say anything before I left. Not like I knew him, and the best I could come up with was 'Matthew Hagen, lived as an arsehole, died as a shit'.

But she did. I've had the Justice League files on Talia al Ghul since I started with the team. I've had Batman's personal files for less than an hour. Fortunately, despite their relationship, it's all business. He's got a fair bit on the League of Shadow's internal structure, but I still can't work out why Hagen and Talia would even know each other. She's their business manager, for goodness sake. Sure, she's attractive, but the only coherent thought in someone's mind after they get turned into a thing? No. There's something black in these lentils.

I'm standing on the Rue Volney watching her through the windows of the small restaurant where she's having coffee with a man. I don't recognise him from the League's files, but a quick internet search matches his face to that of Efraim al-Tauib, suspected financial fixer for one of the Niger Delta's more mercenary paramilitaries. I'm a little curious about how he even got into France. He definitely has an outstanding international arrest warrant. On the other hand, his face is fairly bland, and I could well believe that he's got a decent fake passport. Double check dental records and genetic codes against known relatives... yep.

I'm wearing a suit. Not my standard one with the orange trim, just plain black and white. I found a high class shop that would accept dollars, then waited while they phoned my contact at the US Treasury. He's been getting quite a lot of those phone calls, but given the amount of money I made them for virtually no work on their part...

Anyway. There's no way Ms al Ghul can escape, but I'd rather not cause panic in the centre of Paris if I can avoid it. I also don't have any evidence against her that would justify me handing her over to Batman. Looks like two bodyguards... no, three. Two at their table and one on his own at the bar. Can't tell whether they're his or hers, but they're carrying pistols and knives and wearing stab proof vests under their shirts. That can't be legal here.

Hmm. Lunch rush hasn't started yet. Walk in, or wait outside? An image of Mister Hagen's kiln-hardened face forms in my mind as I decide in favour of the former. I still feel resistance in my own mind. I'm breaking a social convention, intruding on their personal space in a public place. But it's becoming increasingly apparent to me that nothing will happen as a result. What was Hyperion's line from Supreme Power? 'If I choose to go to any of those places, exactly who's going to stop me'? Something like that.

Check both ways, cross the road. Check that the shield is up and on minimum. Step aside with a smile as a couple of well dressed women leave the restaurant, then push open the door for myself.

I assume that the Shadows know what I look like. A description at least. I've avoided asking Jade about exactly what they know on my last couple of visits. I don't want her to think about it as a choice between two adversaries, largely to avoid her making the choice I don't want her to make due to her contrary need to defy her critics. I take in the room like a clueless tourist while the bodyguard facing the door scans me for a moment and then ignores me. Guess I don't register. Maybe the people of this parallel are just really bad at facial recognition?

There's an empty table one place in from the window from them, and I amble over to it, vacant smile in place. I turn my back to them as I pull out the chair closest to them, and a firm hand is placed on my right shoulder. I turn around, smile still in place and eyebrows raised in unspoken question.

"I'm sorry sir, but Miss Head values her privacy quite highly. Would you please take another table?"

"Oh! I'm sorry, I didn't-"

I put my hand the side of his arm.

Pithing Needle, ShockCrown.

The Needle construct locks his nerves to keep him upright as I deposit him on the available chair. I run an orange thread under the floor to keep him in place. A person who knew exactly what to look for might notice it, but this thin and in this light it's practically invisible. Next, I turn my eyes to the target table, step over and take a seat next to Mister al-Tauib.

"Hello there, Miss al Ghul, Mister al-Tauib."

She goes still. I turn my head towards him. He looks stunned.

"You're under arrest, by the way."

I turn back to Talia just in time for the guard opposite to lean across the table and strike the base of my nose with the heel of his palm. I don't feel a thing through the shield, though I imagine he'll have a bruise in the morning. A thread behind him ShockCrowns him and drops him safely back on his seat.

"I will admit to being a little disappointed, Miss al Ghul. I had been under the impression that you only mixed with the better class of criminal."

"I don't know who you think you are-"

I turn back to him. "Oi, yer rumbled. Learn to lose with dignity."

"You can't just-"

ShockCrown.

He slumps.

"Yes. Yes I can."

Ah! We have eye contact! Talia's expression remains neutral as she stares at my face.

"Miss al Ghul. You appear to have developed a hole in your schedule. Do you think you could possibly fit me in?"

Ring, monitor the fuck out of her.

Compliance.

She takes a sip of her coffee.

"You do not believe that the oppressed peoples of the Niger Delta are sufficiently 'high class'?"

"Oh please. He's paymaster for a group of opportunistic mercenaries who'll proclaim any creed if the money's right, and they have no ideology beyond 'let the devil take the hindmost'. I'd respect them if there was an actual liberation struggle going on."

Looks like she's decided not to start screaming. The guy by the bar is aware that something's off, but he hasn't moved yet.

"Who are you and what do you want?"

"I, am Orange Lantern two eight one four. And I want to talk to you about Matthew Hagen."

Her face doesn't move. "I don't know anyone of that name."

"I'm afraid that your brain activity says otherwise. Looks like memory.. and emotion." I frown. "Ooh, intense emotion." Friendly smile, singsong voice. "You'll feel better if you tell me."

A tiny change, the slightest grimace, and she turns from me to look forward. "Matthew Hagen is dead."

I raise my eyebrows, and lean forward attentively. "Really? He seemed remarkably mobile for a dead man this morning."

Added tension along her jaw.

"I told my father that sending him to Gotham was a mistake."

"That would depend on what he was trying to achieve. The foyer of the Wayne Foundation may never be the same again." I nod my head to the side. "I don't consider attacks on charities to be high class, either."

She's allowing herself a little more expression. Looks like she doesn't, either. "I told Father it was beneath him."

"Sounds like business as usual to me."

"He usually accepts his losses with more grace."

Is this about Doctor Roquette?

"Which particular loss was this retaliation for?"

A tiny hint of a frown. I wonder if she's had Botox?

"The satellite launch at Cape Canaveral."

"Your father sent a man made of clay to kill your ex because he stopped a satellite launch?"

She narrow her eyes.

"That, and because Father was killed."

"Temporarily. And, really? A giant laser in space? That's silver age supervillainy right there."

A frown. I guess she isn't a comics reader. Or maybe the silver age didn't happen here? Or maybe it happened in real life instead?

"His plan was perfectly sound. If Batman had not intervened-"

"Then one of the Greenies would have destroyed the satellite in orbit. Or Superman would. Or me. Or one of the dozen or so armies that can hit targets in orbit. Realistically, he'd have got, maybe, one city. At most, two, if they were close together. But I'm not here to talk about Ra's al Ghul's deranged supervillainy."

I roll my eyes at 'deranged'. Talia curls her lip into a protosnarl.

"So, anyway, ambush fails, and we-both-know-who-but-I'm-not-saying-it-out-loud survives. So far, so typical. What I don't understand is why a professional killer just,-" I shrug "-walks off. Hagen didn't exactly seem focused on the mission. Plus I'm kinda curious how a baseline Human becomes a giant clay monster."

"If the attack was stopped, why not ask Hagen yourself?"

"Because I killed him."

She's taken aback. "He is dead? You are sure?"

"As far as I could tell he's permanently inanimate. I hit him with enough gamma radiation to sterilise the northern hemisphere, then dumped him on Ganymede. I couldn't detect any chemical changes and he wasn't moving... so, yes. Sure as I can be."

Her eyes move off me and she blinks, twice. Brain activity says emotion again.

"Now, I've.. I've never killed someone before. I don't know exactly how you were involved, but the only thing he could think coherently was your face, and I'd really quite like an explanation."

"Matthew Hagen attempted to use a Lazarus Pit to cure his cancer."

"The Pit did that?"

That doesn't match anything in the comics.

"Yes."

Hard to tell, but I think she's telling the truth.

"Father decided to make use of his new form."

Might be true? The ring's lie detection function just isn't good enough to tell how much of this is true, and I doubt that I could intimidate her as I did Kadabra.

"So why did Hagen give up?"

"Perhaps the changes to his body damaged his mind. I have no interest in speculating."

"I'm still not hearing anything to explain why he was thinking about you."

"Then you will simply have to leave disappointed."

Time for a new approach.

"Alright, so explain it to me: even if the satellite could have worked -which it couldn't- what exactly was the point in killing all of those people?"

"The objective was to remove the surplus part of the Human population."

"You think cities are surplus? Do I need to point out where your clothing and jewellery were manufactured? Or where the satellite itself was made?"

"The Earth can survive without those things."

"Until the next alien invasion, when no one has any advanced weapons. Or an asteroid impact, when we've got no spacecraft. Or a plague when modern medicine's bitten the dust."

"Manufacturing can be done on a smaller scale. Mass industrialisation unavoidably poisons all ecosystems, including the ones Humans depend on."

"I remember your father saying something about people born today having no idea about what clean air smells like. And he has a point. Thing is though, there's normal, sensible solutions... And then there's supervillain solutions."

"You cannot argue with the efficiency of an orbital weapon strike."

"Not if you're a megalomaniac, no. If Ra's al Ghul really wants to improve the situation, why doesn't he... I dunno.. encourage off-world colonisation? Or improve access to education and contraception to women in third world countries, something that's proven to reduce birth rates? Why? Because he's just another stupid supervillain so in love with his own ego that he couldn't make a good decision even if it killed him. And worse than most of them, because if it did kill him he'd just get up again!"

"You will show respect!"

"No, I won't. It's stupid, the whole idea's stupid."

Ring, genetic scan, match to parent and siblings.

Compliance. High probability matches; one living parent and one living sibling.

"I reckon this is why your sister left, you know."

She opens her mouth to respond, then stops herself. "I don't have a sister."

I raise my left palm so she can see the sigil of the ring. "The ring says otherwise. I mean, how old's your father? You've probably got loads of relatives around the place."

Ring, just in case I'm wrong, what's her sister's name?

Nyssa Raatko.

Nearly remembered it right. Not bad for an average quality comic I read over five years ago.

Get her address, and put it on a card.

Compliance.

"Distant relatives, perhaps. But Father would have told me if I had a sister."

"Not if she hated him because he left her and her entire family to die in a Nazi concentration camp. Can't risk you thinking for yourself. Here-" The card appears. "-her address. Look her up." I shrug. "Or don't. See, the actual reason you and Batman didn't work out? Its not 'cause he's a big softy and can't cope with your father's harsh but necessary methods. It's 'cause you father's a nutter."

I stand, floating Mister al-Tauib with me. No need to disguise my presence any more.

Medium armour, increase shields.

And now everyone's looking. I meet the eyes of the other bodyguard and smile. He turns back to the bar.

Now, where do I drop this guy off in France?

I was pleasantly surprised by how on the ball the French National Police were, but it still took more time than I wanted to pass Mister al-Tauib over to them. They weren't unreasonably difficult about the whole superhero thing, but I got the impression that their standard operating procedures didn't cover the situation. Fortunately, they let me write Orange Lantern as my name on the forms and accepted the Themysciran embassy in New York as my main postal address and primary phone contact. The captain who ended up dealing with the situation said that he wasn't sure whether or not I would be called to testify. I said that if they wanted me it wouldn't be a problem.

I'm now high in the sky off the west coast of Ecuador, spying on Ra's al Ghul himself. I'm not seeing any particularly high level of alert, so either Talia hasn't been in touch or they don't think that I'll follow up. The island he appears to be living on is guarded, certainly, but the man himself appears to be taking a walk through a dojo running a morning training session. A large bald man, who I assume to be an Ubu, follows shortly behind.

I'm forced to wonder exactly how proprietary Batman is about his villains. I'm not planning anything one of the raw power Justice Leaguers couldn't do. I mean, that's an assassin training facility for goodness sake. I'll give Batman a dump of all of the information I've scanned from their electronic and paper records when I get back.

Why am I here? Ra's sent Hagen to kill Batman, and possibly a large number of other people. Revenge probably, but Talia's brain waves and Hagen's soul suggest there was more to it than that. I might never know what. Thinking about it dispassionately, killing everyone on the island would probably be a decent solution. I'm reasonably confident I could do something to Ra's he couldn't get back from.

But the others wouldn't see it that way. And I need them more than I need to know that I made a correct utility calculation. There must be some reason why Batman's left this place intact, right?

But I don't want to just fly back and present my report yet. I've never liked the fact that foot soldiers bear the brunt of their masters decisions. If killing one government official prevents a war, surely assassination is far more moral than killing hundreds of soldiers who believe that they are simply doing their job? Surely the execution of a convicted criminal is more moral than a chance killing on a battlefield?

What can I do to Ra's that will actually make him suffer for his action? I might have made Talia doubt, though I think that's a bit optimistic. Maybe I should give Nyssa some warning? But there's one thing I can certainly take that will hurt him.

I can't just tell the ring to find a Lazarus Pit. I don't know what they look like here, and there are any number of things on that island that could be the Pit.

But I know one way to make them show me.

The railgun forms alongside me. An upgrade on my original attempt to make a construct version, this converts the ring's power far more efficiently and uses tungsten slugs with iron jackets for projectiles.

Ring, adjust for movement. I want to get Ra's and only Ra's.

Compliance.

The gun shifts slightly.

In my mind's eye I see flight path projections, impact estimates and timelines. I'm aiming at his head, and as the projectile will pulp him and keep going I can't risk hitting someone else on the way in or out.

In theory they could see me, but I'm a small orange light in the sky some distance away with the sun at my back.

The construct hums, and I unnecessarily suppress the sound.

From killing someone in the heat of the moment to killing someone because I decide they deserve it all in the space of a day. I suspect that he'd be proud of that.

Kill him.

There's a sharp crack, and I see that Ra's' head has been obliterated. Some of the people near him appear to have been hurt by flying chips of stone, but I've achieved my objective. Guards run around and the Ubu picks up the intact part of Ra's' body while trying to spot where the attack came from. He says something, and a wall of Human shields gather around him.

I track him as he moves through the buildings to what I assume is Ra's own home. Eventually, he gets to the lower part of the structure. The Pit itself is a sarcophagus like structure, quite unlike the large pool I had been expecting. Ubu gently lowers his headless master into it, being careful not to touch the roiling liquid himself. Then, he stands well back and waits. None of the others followed him into the inner sanctum. Interesting.

I have no idea how long this process will take. I set the ring to monitor the condition of Ra's' corpse, and begin designating nonliving targets for stage two. That takes about a minute; the number of things worth hitting that don't have people right next to them is rather low. After checking that nothing in the general area is likely to spot me I take a book out of subspace. I was disappointed to learn that Terry Pratchett doesn't exist here, but by some strange quirk of fate Charles Stross does, so I picked up a copy of The Atrocity Archive.

By the time Ra's pulls himself forth from his alchemical bath Bob and Mo are visiting Amsterdam. I remember that emerging from the pit causes temporary derangement, so it isn't surprising that Ubu keeps his distance. After staring wildly about for a few moments Ra's seems to get his thoughts in order, and Ubu approaches to hand him a towel.

Search parties have already scoured the island and found nothing. The ring no-sells radar scans, as well as something more sophisticated that appeared to scan for gravity distortions. I scanned that right back, and moved it to the top of the targeting list. I'm not going to level the island, but I do want to put everything breakable out of commission long enough for Batman to decide whether or not he wants to destroy the place completely.

Alright, the area around the Pit is clear. I transition to high above the island and recreate the railgun. My first targets are the boats and aircraft. Those can most readily be destroyed from above. While I'm up here I'll also take a few shots at the unoccupied portions of Ra's' house. Then, FTL transition to a position on the east side of the island for skimming targets where I can't risk over-penetration due to the proximity of League of Shadow henchpeople. Not sure if this Ra's is less patriarchal than the comic version, but a good proportion of the people getting ninja training on the island are female. I want my projectiles to arrive in a staggered pattern; while there aren't any technological weapons down there that can hurt me, there might be magic based ones.

I myself will be going in through Ra's' roof. It's a solid enough structure, but I'm a Lantern.

Ring, plot FTL jumps and shot trajectories.

Attack plotted.

Execute.

Flickers of sky and island and the hum of the gun, and then I'm directly above Ra's roof.

RazorWedge. Down.

Rubble explodes around me and the ring notifies me of the success of my other strikes. Four seconds and I'm in the target chamber. A slam as I close the sarcophagus. A whine as my cutting constructs free it from the stone floor in which it was embedded.

Subspace it.

I got transport and communications. They could swim for shore, but for the moment the island's a prison.

Ring, plot course for home.

Course available.

Hmm. Doubt it'll matter, but...

I withdraw Mister Crock's plasma crossbow from subspace and fire it repeatedly at the floor next to the hole where the Lazarus Pit used to be. I then return it to subspace before lashing out at the surrounding walls.

Execute FTL transfer.

I exit FTL over the North Atlantic Ocean, next to the hangar entrance. I take a moment to breath the sea air.

What's going to happen now? Killing Mister Hagen isn't a minor mistake; it's a breach of a fundamental part of the way in which the League likes to operate. Both being ejected from the team and being arrested are very real possibilities here. For a moment I consider simply flying away. No. This is my home, my team. I'll argue my case, and see what happens.

The uncertainty brings the now into sharper focus. I fly along the cliff to what M'gann calls our back door and transmit my access code. The fake section of rock slides aside and I enter the mountain.

"Attend?"

"Hello Teekl."

I crouch and rub her head. She leans into it.

"Finished telling the mountain who's in charge?"

"Tunnels patrolled. Excessive water."

She rubs against my knee.

"I'm pretty sure you can dry yourself by wanting to be dry."

"Excessive. Water."

I run my right hand down her back and scratch the base of her tail.

"Okay. Who else is here?"

A mental image. Kon, slumped in front of the television. M'gann, standing in the kitchen. I'm not sure Teekl has linked names to faces yet, or if she can even do that. There's also a vague impression of Red Tornado, she's not sure where he is and he doesn't smell like a person to her.

"Happpppyyyy."

"Come on you." I pick her up and hold her against my shoulder. "Let's go and be sociable."

Since Batman isn't around I'd like to talk to Kon and M'gann before contacting him myself. Put off the evil hour for a little longer. Something I should do before that, though. I need to check on the rats.

Wallace confided in me that he may have slightly overstated how happy Mister Allen was when he gave himself celerity. As a result, I suggested that we approach Jay Garrick for help with examining the effects of his formula on the Human body, rather than Mister Allen. He sounded fairly positive about the idea, but said that he didn't want to say yes or no without talking it over with Wallace's parents and uncle first. He did let me scan him, however. Mister Garrick isn't noticeably faster than Wallace, but interestingly he doesn't have Wallace's metabolism issues. Wallace got a bit excited about that, until Mister Garrick and I pointed out that altering him on the basis of such a small sample would be a bad idea.

Since there aren't any blood samples of either Wallace or Mister Garrick from before their transformation, the only places I could get a before and after would be either from Mister Allen or by using the formula on someone new, which I am extremely reluctant to do. Wallace jokingly suggested putting a request for volunteers in the Flash's fan club newsletter, but I said that laboratory rats would be a more sensible option, at least to start with. We spent an evening turning one of the more remote rooms -I think it used to be a secure containment room, which is about right- into a testing lab, complete with lab rats, rat run and a program to make the lights simulate the solar cycle. The whole thing should have automated feeding and cleaning, but I like to check on them every so often just to make sure.

Both hands on Teekl I press the door release with my right elbow. This shouldn't take long.

Oh.

"Good afternoon sir."

Red Tornado is taking in the rattery. He's presently facing the runs on the far wall, and there's a work surface with computer terminals between us. The run extends the whole edge of the room after I remembered some modular rat runs that used to be sold in the supermarket my mum shopped at when I was little. Always wanted to stick together a huge one, and now I have.

"Orange Lantern."

I put Teekl down on the work surface. She sits, looks around the room, sniffs, then starts licking herself. I have told her that she doesn't really need to do that anymore. Maybe it's instinctual to the point that she can't learn not to do it?

"Batman has informed me that he wishes to speak with you."

There's a slight mechanical creak as he turns from the rats he was studying in order to face me.

"Immediately, or should I just tell him I'm here?"

"He did not imply that it was urgent. I will inform him of your presence."

Right.

He starts walking around the room, his head pointing forwards. His schematics show that his cognition systems are located in his head, rather than somewhere sensible like an armoured box in his chest.

Ring, confirm status of the rats?

Rats and rat habitat within required parameters.

"If you don't mind me asking sir, did Batman give any indication of what he wanted to talk to me about?"

I step aside as he reaches the door. Teekl jumps down, and then we follow him out.

"He did not mention a specific topic, though I would imagine that he wants to speak with you concerning your mission this morning."

Maybe I'm asking the wrong person about this?

"Sir, I made an error in judgement during the mission, and I'd like.. some sort of indication, whether I'm a bit in trouble, or a lot in trouble."

"He did not seem angry when the team returned. That said, he may simply have been concealing his emotions."

Teekl looks at me, then walks off down a side passage.

Thanks Teekl.

"Urp, I should.. probably go and recharge the ring. Please let me know when Batman would like to see me."

"Of course."

Ring, plot course and execute.

I don't even notice the transition. The door's in front of me, and I push the button to open it.

Ring, remove my boots and socks.

When I first got here, the floor was bare metal. I spent a good chunk of my second day bringing it up to the standard of somewhere I would want to live. The deep shag carpet is pale grey with an orange Orange Corps sigil in the centre, and I relax slightly as I scrunch my toes in it. Unlike M'gann's room, mine doesn't have a rock wall, just more metal. I thought about covering it or painting it, but I couldn't decide on a colour, and in the end left it as it is. The bedding got replaced with something more 'on theme', and eventually I was able to replace the feather pillows with decent quality foam ones. Those were a pain to find. I also reconfigured the shelving, taking out most of what was here and replacing it with quality wooden pieces, and making room for my coin chest.

Storing things in subspace does take some power. It's not a lot, but it seemed to me that it would be a good idea to minimise what I stored rather than loading all of my possessions into it. Walking around money goes into subspace, but the majority of my coinage is in here.

I keep my lantern in the box Alan used to use. I altered the outer panels so that they have the Orange sigil displayed in light wood on the sides, rather than the monotone dark dyed wood it used to have. I walk over to the table on which it rests and open it, taking hold of the lantern's top right handle. I pull it out and put it on the table next to the box, then step back and extend my left hand.

Looking around, I'm starting to think that I may have taken the sigil theme a bit far.

I'm trying to remember what the actual Orange Corps oath is. I haven't actually tried using it, as I don't appear to need to. Maybe I should? Lantern Jordan's oath was personal to him, and I can't think of anything which would summarise my thought on my duty in four eight syllable lines. I can just about remember the first line. Think I saw it on a website. Deviantart? Not sure.

"This is my power-"

The treasures of civilisations, fallen ages past. Bones stripped of flesh and marrow. Vast serpentine eyes-

I yank my hand back, slip, and fall onto the soft carpet.

!Very bad very bad!

I pick myself up.

Did I just see Larfleeze's cave? That can happen?

I guess it's not my power after all.

I open my hand again, and hold it out to the lantern.

Ring, standard recharge this time.

I hear the sound of chopping before I reach the kitchen. M'gann's slicing onions on the granite table. There's a bowl of slices next to her, and another bowl of whole tomatoes. She's on dinner duty today. Wonder what we're having? Starting this early.. some sort of stew?

"Hi M'gann. Where's Kon?"

She looks around, and her surprise turns to joy.

Um. Wow. That feels nice.

"Paul! Where have you been?"

"Um. Ganymede. Paris. Ecuador."

"You went to Paris?"

Eh?

"Briefly, yes?"

"What was it like?"

"I wasn't.. really.. sightseeing."

"Oh. Well, what were you doing?"

"Finishing the investigating into Clayface."

Her face falls slightly, and her eyes flick to the side.

"Oh. Um, Kaldur said that you beat it."

"Him, and I killed him."

Her eyes go wide, and she blinks heavily. "Killed?"

I shrug. "As far as I can tell. I hit him with a lot of gamma radiation. Baked him hard." I sit on the air, crumpling. "I mean, I don't understand how something.. someone.. like that works. He might.. still.. be alive, but..."

M'gann floats level with me, puts her arms around my shoulders and rests her head against the side of mine. I lean into her.

**How.. did he get the drop on the rest of you?**

**He could shapeshift. Not just change his outline, but change his mass and color as well. Once we split up he took on the appearance of other members of the team.**

**But you're telepathic. He couldn't think like them, could he?**

**No, but I don't scan other members of the team. Kaldur was very clear that it isn't acceptable on Earth.**

I pull back slightly, and she releases me.

**On the basis of this fiasco, I think we should reconsider that policy. I'll.. talk to the others about it. If I'm still here.**

She recoils slightly. **Why wouldn't you be?**

**! You weren't meant to hear...** I pause, and marshal my thoughts. **M'gann, I killed a man. That isn't something Batman can just pretend didn't happen.**

**But he was trying to kill us!**

**Not the point. We're supposed to be better than that. Than.. them.** I shake my head. **A Green Lantern in my position would already have been recalled to Oa, and their ring would have shut down pending a review of their conduct. I don't know what Batman will decide to do, but a slap on the wrist doesn't really cover it.**

She keeps looking at me for a moment, then gives a shallow nod.

I stand back on the floor.

"Red Tornado's gone to let Batman know that I'm back. Um.. where's Kon got to?"

"Oh, heh, um, I sorta had an accident when I started cooking. Tried to pile everything I was going to cook with on top of him. I mean, 'Hello Megan, Conner's not telekinetic', just didn't think. Stupid."

I make a winding motion with my hands.

"He ended up covered in milk, and eggs, and, well, he went to take a shower."

That should be funny, but I'm just not in the mood.

"Well, I'll just-."

"Would Orange Lantern please report to the Mission Room."

Red Tornado's voice.

My eyes drop to the floor, as every possible justification for my actions swarms my mind at once. The Butterflies in my stomach have turned rabid.

I raise my head and meet M'gann's eyes. "Excuse me." I turn, and walk toward the corridor.

"Good luck!"

I stop. That's not-.

I shake my head.

Plot route and execute.

I'm in the centre of the training area. Red Tornado steps away from the main console as the zeta tube glows into life. I stand to attention.

"Recognised, Flash, zero, four."

What?

He walks out of the tube at an easy pace, uniform a brilliant red. I haven't had any direct interaction with the Flash. Does he want to talk about the Garrick Formula? It's the only thing I can think of.

I've relaxed slightly as he makes eye contact.

"Orange Lantern. Abra Kadabra handed himself over to the Central City Police Department yesterday evening. Anything you want to tell me about that?"

I blink. This is the end of the week I said that he had, but Clayface... No, Hagen, it got pushed out of my mind. My mental gears screech.

"Yes sir. I tracked him down after the mission in Salem. Er, made him an offer and gave him a week to think about it."

His eyes narrow slightly, and he crosses his arms. "What kinda offer?"

"His greatest desire is to learn magic. I said that if he handed himself in and served his time, I'd find someone to teach him. For as long as he stayed straight."

"And if he hadn't handed himself in?"

"His most advanced camouflage technique had already failed to stop me detecting him." I shrug. "Wouldn't have taken long to find him again."

"What made you decide to do that?"

"Punishment isn't sufficient for supervillain rehabilitation, because they identify more with their identity as a supervillain.. than with normal society. The only way I could think of to get around that was to offer him something he really wanted. With a little luck, this way, you wouldn't have to fight him again in three or four years."

"So you want to rehabilitate supervillains?"

"Yes sir."

He leans back, and smiles. "Wonder Woman teach you that?"

Um.

"Not.. exactly, sir. That was really more Lantern Gardn-."

"Recognised, Batman, zero, two."

I tense immediately, eyes locked directly on the zeta tube.

Flash notices. "Come on, Bats isn't that bad."

Batman walks out of the tube. He takes in the Flash, Red Tornado and me. The Flash takes a step back as Batman approaches to standard debrief distance and then stops.

"Explain to me why you thought it was a good idea to use high levels of gamma radiation against a target in my city."

Not exactly what I thought he'd start with, but I've got my defence prepared.

"I don't have.. erm, I haven't practised with many constructs that I thought would have much effect on a being made of.. undifferentiated clay. The Gamma Cannon was the only reliable one. My practise sessions.. um, in my practise sessions, that was the highest output I'd tried to contain with a shield. Since I wanted to stop the target immediately, I decided that was the appropriate power level."

"What was the probability of the shield collapsing?"

Huh?

"I'm not.. um, negligible? I can maintain a shield of that type against equivalent force more or less.. well, the longest I've actually done it is about an hour, but in theory, if I exhausted a full ring charge-"

Ring?

At standard levels of avarice expressed by user: eighteen hours, twelve minutes, fifteen seconds.

"-just over eighteen hours. Against my Gamma Cannon specifically I've only ever tried holding it for about fifteen minutes, but the shield itself is exactly the same."

"Why gamma radiation?"

"Because it offers better penetration than alpha or beta radiation, and I wanted an invisible lightspeed method of attack."

"Where have you practised using it?"

"Titan."

He nods slightly. "Acceptable, but try to avoid using it in inhabited areas in the future."

What?

"Of course sir."

"What happened to you during your first encounter with 'Clayface'?"

"I attempted to use.. to look at his desires to gain some sort of idea about how he thought, and what he was trying to do. What I got was a confused mess, and.. I think.. the feedback stunned me for a few moments. By the time I was coherent again Clayface was counterattacking, and I was more interested in protecting my teammates than in attacking him."

"Did you gain any useful intelligence?"

"The only thing I could clearly see was Talia al Ghul's face."

He doesn't react. Am I missing something?

"You did not approve of the initial plan for the team's second encounter."

"No sir."

"You continued to dissent after your team leader gave it his approval. According to the mission reports I've received from Robin, Kid Flash and Miss Martian, you were quite forceful."

"Yes, sir."

He wait for a moment. I'm not sure what he wants.

"Explain."

"They wanted to spread out, and then attack Clayface physically once he revealed himself. Spreading out isn't a good idea against a protean life form... It's pretty much an invitation to get ambushed, and.. we already knew that kinetic attacks didn't do any lasting damage."

"Why did you decide to disregard my orders not to engage the creature?"

"If we were going to be in close proximity, we needed some way to hurt it in case it detected us again." My eyes trail along the ground. "I'd... I'd probably have preferred a slightly less assertive pursuit."

"Your intent was to locate the target, and use Robin's incendiaries to bake it solid."

"If... Yes sir."

"What went wrong?"

"I'm not.. sure. I've only just got back, and I haven't had a chance to talk to everyone yet. The team.. spread out.. I think.. further than I'd suggested. Clayface was able to rapidly ambush each of us in turn, until it assumed Robin's form to attack Kaldur. At that point I was able to temporarily trap him in a bubble construct, but he was strong enough to break free. He slammed Kaldur into the wall, and then turned his attention on me. At that point the Gamma Cannon was the only thing I was reasonably sure would work."

"You were unable to hold it in a force field?"

"That's correct sir. I'm afraid.. applying pressure with a construct in that way.. isn't something I'm very good at yet."

I remember having the same problem with that school bus on the bridge in Metropolis. Maybe I need to practise abstract shapes as well? How often is that going to come up?

"I'll mention it to Lantern Gardner for your next training session."

"Thank.. you.. sir..?"

He turns away and starts walking toward Red Tornado.

!Don't say it!

"I expect your full written report by sixteen hundred hours, though based on past experience I doubt that will prove much of a challenge for you. Kaldur has decided to take a leave of absence from the team-"

!Don't say it!

I need to say this. It's just going to hang over me otherwise.

"Sir... Sir.. I just.. killed a man. Isn't that a bit more serious than my next training exercise?"

He stops, and turns around. "You're referring to the creature?"

"Yes!"

"Orange Lantern, my plan for dealing with it involved disrupting its morphic resonance pattern. I hoped that doing so would paralyse the creature, but it's entirely possible that forcing it to lose cohesion in that way could have destroyed it permanently. Were you able to identify anything analogous to brain waves?"

"W.. no..?"

"How would you describe the physical condition of the creature when you left it?"

"Well, between the gamma radiation and the absence of pressure there wasn't any water left, and his body was mostly ceramic. He certainly wasn't moving..."

"Given that you don't know how it could be alive, how can you be sure it was dead?"

"Because I pumped a massive amount of gamma radiation into it?"

"Why would that be more dangerous to a creature made of clay than incendiaries? Or a device which made it impossible for it to hold its body in shape?"

Oh.

He steps up to me, and puts a hand on my shoulder.

"Orange Lantern, the fact of the matter is that there is no such thing as a nonlethal weapon. Any of the things we could have done to the creature to stop it might have resulted in its death. Tomorrow, you can go back to Ganymede, pick it up, and bring it to a secure research cell at STAR Labs. If we're fortunate, it can be revived."

Batman's being reassuring. This is weird.

I nod, my whole body tingling.

"Yes sir."

I'm not sure how to phrase my next question.

He removes his hand.

"Sir, can I ask? Have.. you.. ever..?"

"Killed someone?"

I can't meet his eyes.

"To the best of my knowledge, no, I have never directly killed someone. However, I have left people with permanent damage, both physical and psychological, and there have been occasions where it was impossible for me to assess the level of harm someone I fought had suffered. If you include indirect deaths, then yes, by my actions people have died who would otherwise have lived."

"How.. what do you mean by..?"

His eyes narrow, but I don't think that he's annoyed. He's remembering. No. Reliving.

"During my second year I attempted to apprehend three youths who were about to commit a robbery. One had a handgun, but I assumed that he wouldn't fire while his friends blocked his line of sight. I was mistaken. He panicked, and emptied his magazine in my direction. I was able to save one of his colleagues, but the other bled to death."

I nod. "Thank you sir."

"I'll follow up on the creature's point of origin myself, and I'll keep you informed of my findings."

"Sorry, um. That won't be necessary, sir. I've already done that."

His head tilts slightly. "Explain."

"Well.. I wanted to know why that had happened. Why I'd needed to kill him. And since the only lead I had was Miss Al Ghul, I went looking for her."

"Were you able to find her?"

"Yes. I used the images you and Robin took from your encounter at Cape Canaveral, combined with a partial DNA sample I took from an old blood sample I got from pier seven of the Gotham docks. Your report on the assassination attempt against Senator Stevens mentioned that she was injured there, and since the facial scan was giving me a lot of false positives..."

"Go on."

"She was in Paris, and as it turned out she was meeting with a man named Efraim al-Tauib. I.. didn't take the time to find out what it was about. Probably should have done, but it wasn't my focus and-."

Batman has his forearm raised, and is scrolling though his computer screen until an image of Mister al-Tauib's face appears.

"I received notification of his arrest an hour ago."

"I handed him over to the French police once I'd finished talking to Miss al Ghul."

"How did you approach her?"

"She was in a small restaurant. I scanned three bodyguards with small arms, nothing that could threaten me. I put on a normal looking suit, walked in and sat down at the next table, and one of her bodyguards came over and asked me to move. I put my hand on his arm and used a construct to paralyse him. I put him in my seat, then walked over and sat down in his. The other bodyguard tried hitting me, so I paralysed him, al-Tauib started making noise, so I paralysed him as well."

"Did anyone notice you doing this?"

"There was a third bodyguard at the bar. I think he noticed that I wasn't supposed to be there. No one else reacted, but I wasn't scanning their brains or anything, so maybe they were just keeping their heads down? The guys I paralysed were still upright, and the construct was covered by their clothing."

He nods. The Flash is covering his mouth with his right fist.

"So, um, I asked Miss al Ghul about it. She tried lying, but I was scanning her brain, so she gave up after her first attempt. His... Clayface's name is Matthew Hagen. She told me that he was a Shadow who tried to use the Lazarus Pit to cure his cancer."

"Do you believe her?"

"I don't know her well enough... The scans told me that she probably wasn't telling an outright lie, but.. I think there was more to it. Her emotional response was too strong, but I didn't have any real psychological levers I could use to get her to tell me what was really going on. She said that Ra's sent Clayface after you in revenge for you stopping his satellite launch. I'll put the full transcript in my mission report."

Another nod.

"If you want to follow up, she's in.. Monaco."

I raise my hands in a praying motion, then part them, showing a street scene with Talia walking along a pavement. I tilt my hands, and the view pulls out, showing her position within the principality.

"Looks like someone's doing the extra credit assignment."

The Flash -is it The Flash, or just Flash?- steps up and has a look at the image, before turning his head to Batman.

"Want me to pick her up? Shouldn't take more than a few seconds."

"No. I'll follow up myself, later. Orange Lantern, this is good work."

I wince, inwardly and outwardly. "Sort of.. haven't finished yet, sir. I... I didn't think my scan of Miss al Ghul's brain would be admissible in court. Thought I needed.. you know, hard evidence."

"I doubt that part of the investigation would come to court. Security cameras at the Wayne Foundation recorded Matthew Hagen's attack, and that should be enough to convict him. If a Shadow gained access to Ra's al Ghul's Lazarus Pit he's undoubtedly increased security-"

I wince again.

"-and as he rarely allows others to use it we shouldn't need to worry too much about attacks by clay cre.. clay people, in the future."

I am very aware of what I've got sitting in my subspace pocket right now.

"Um..."

Batman is looking me straight in the eyes again. "You have something else to add?"

I hold my right arm out to the side.

Ring, the Pit. Carefully.

Interestingly, it doesn't emerge in one go. Rather, an orange rectangle moves through the air, revealing more of the Pit as it passes. Completely moving it to normal space takes about seven seconds.

Batman looks at it. He doesn't double take, but I think I noticed him clench slightly. He steps away from me to take a closer look.

I shift my weight nervously from foot to foot, and search Flash's face for a clue to how badly I've messed up. I think I stunned him.

He notices. "Is that..?"

"Yes sir."

"You stole..?"

"Yes sir."

"When you want extra credit, you don't go half way."

"No sir."

I'm having trouble reading his expression through his face mask.

Batman lifts the lid. The green goo is still there, but it isn't glowing as brightly or bubbling quite as much as it was when I first picked it up. He lowers it again, then stalks back over to me.

I'm not having any trouble reading his mood.

"Tell. Me. Everything."

And he's looming over me and oh shit.

"Now."

"Um. I was able to use my scan of Talia's DNA to locate Ra's himself. I was assuming that he'd have a Lazarus Pit set up where he was, or.. or.. at least where his base of operations was. He was on a small island off the coast of Ecuador, there was a training facility, some research labs and manufacturing, housing... A mansion I assumed was his."

"Did they see you?"

His voice is tighter, his relaxed tone from earlier completely gone.

"No.. er, I don't think so. I was miles away in the sky, and I kept the sun behind me. The ring kept their radar from picking me up."

"How did you identify the Lazarus Pit?"

My heart sinks. He isn't going to like this.

"I scanned everything, but I didn't know what the Pit looked like other than that it was a smallish body of liquid. Certainly didn't think it was a sarcophagus. Um. So, knowing that Ra's himself doesn't just.. hang around it, I realised that the only way I could locate it for certain would be... um..."

No getting away from it.

"I shot him in the head with a rail gun. Tungsten round. He died immediately, no significant collateral damage, and his Ubu transported him to the Pit. His resurrection took about two and a half hours. Once he left the area around the Pit, I marked targets.. transport vehicles that could be used for evacuation, communication links, servers, that sort of thing.. and fired on them all while I smashed down into the mansion myself. Again, I don't think they spotted me. The rail gun construct isn't that noticeable from a distance, and all the strikes other than the one I made directly were tungsten projectile strikes, not orange energy beams. I was visible for maybe a second over the mansion before all the dust and rubble got in the way, and I think everyone was a bit busy checking the perimeter after I shot Ra's earlier. Urp, so, cut the Pit out of the floor, put it in my subspace pocket, came back. That was about twenty minutes ago."

"Could they have tracked you?"

"Don't think so. I destroyed their radar and gravity detection thing in my initial volley, and I was travelling faster than light. Didn't notice anything else."

"Did you kill anyone?"

"W-."

"Other than Ra's, did you kill anyone?"

"I.. no, of course not! I fired specifically to avoid injuring other people. Sir, I got into a state because I thought I'd killed a career assassin who was trying to kill me at the time, I certainly wasn't going to murder their technical support team."

"Show me the exact location of the island."

Map.

The first image is a bird's eye view of South America, with the outlines of countries and a gyroscope marking the location of the island. Then, it zooms in to show just the Ecuadorian coastline, the island, and lines of latitude and longitude. Lastly, it zooms again and shows a birds eye view of the island. I can see tiny people working around the sites I hit earlier.

"Flash. Go."

There's a red afterimage as he runs straight into the wall, passing through it with no resistance. Batman's stepping away from me.

"Batman to the Justice League. Orange Lantern has located the headquarters of the League of Shadows. Rendezvous at Flash's coordinates. I want everyone who's available on this one."

He turns back to me.

"You."

I have his full attention.

"Staaaay. Here."

"Yes sir."

One last look at me and he's striding toward the zeta tube with Red Tornado.

"Recognised, Batman, zero, two, Red Tornado, one, six."

A flash of light and he's gone.

...

That went a lot better than I was expecting. I think... Yes, I definitely overreacted about Mister Hagen. And I don't just mean my attacks against the League of Shadows.

When he said 'stay here', did he mean exactly here, or in the mountain? I'm starting to hate imprecisely worded instructions.

So, given that I can't move, what I am going to do now?

Ring, open communications with the kitchen.

An orange screen appears in front of me.

No, properly.

A holo-emitter materialises from subspace and replaces the all orange screen with a colour one. After a moment M'gann's face appears on it.

"Are you okay?"

"Yes, yes I am. Batman said that we couldn't be sure that I'd actually killed Mister Hagen.. um, Clayface, and that given his unusual physiology anything we could have done to stop him might have killed him anyway. I don't feel.. entirely sanguine about it, but I think he's right. Oh, hi Kon."

Kon is walking past the monitor when he hears me, then stops and walks toward it.

"Hey Paul. Where you been?"

"Ganymede, Paris, Ecuador. Completing the investigation into Clayface. Stealing Ra's al Ghul's Lazarus Pit."

I swing the screen pick up around so they can see it, then swing it back to me.

"You did that without me?" M'gann nudges him with her elbow. "Without us?"

Actually, that was pretty dumb. M'gann would have been really useful when I was talking to Talia, and having Kon watch my back might have been a life saver.

"Um, no. Yeah. I should've got you. I just didn't think about it when I started... I was just thinking about finding out why I'd needed to kill Clayface, it didn't occur to me to bring anyone else in. I'm sorry."

"Well, don't do it again."

"I won't. Um, look, is Kaldur around? I should probably let him know what I've been doing."

M'gann bites her lip. "He's.. gone back to Atlantis for a little while."

Oh. Leave of absence. Right. "Oh. Did he say how long for?"

"No. Just that he needed to clear his head."

"Huh. Okay, if he's not here and Batman knows about it, I suppose it doesn't matter."

"Recognised."

Huh?

"Green Lantern"

Guy?

"Zero, five."

Oh dear.

Lantern Harold Jordan of Space Sector 2814. Pointless tiny green mask, green upper with black patches which make it look he's been sweating under his arms and the dye's run out. White gloves, and a white circle in the centre of his chest with the Green sigil on it as a convenient 'shoot here' sign. Black leggings and green boots. How much hairspray does it take to keep his fringe curled like that?

At least Lantern Stewart has the sense to wear an armoured uniform.

I tried selling Guy on the idea, but he's of the view that anything that can pierce his shield would probably go straight through any Earth-made armour too. When I suggested plundering his ring's database for extraterrestrial armour designs he told me that he wasn't sure he was allowed to. What sort of leash do the Guardians have them on?

Maybe he'll go away if I ignore him.

"So, Kon, how's the mission report coming?"

"Ugh. Slowly. Could I have a look at yours?"

"No. Quite aside from the fact that there were bits you saw that I didn't, report writing is a valuable skill to learn. And, I haven't actually started it y-."

The holo-emitter flies out of my hand as a green clamp takes hold of it and pulls it over to Lantern Jordan.

"He'll call you back."

It shuts down.

"What the hell?"

"Batman wants me to make sure you don't do anything while the Justice League deals with the League of Shadows, and phone calls count as part of 'anything'. Plus I've been meaning to talk to you for a while now."

"Batman already ordered me to stay put. All I was going to do, was write my mission report and carry on reading old case files."

As he walks closer, I can't help it. The edges of my armour plates glow as my nerves cause my environmental shield to reinforce.

Alert. Lantern Jordan is attempting to access ring database.

"Knock it off."

Jordan winces, makes a fist with his right hand, then unclenches and clenches it a couple of times. Feedback? I'll remember that.

"Okay, maybe that was the wrong approach."

"Yes, yes it was."

"I've still got questions for you."

"I'm not going anywhere."

I think he's trying to size me up. "Where'd your ring really come from?"

"I. Don't. Know. Did you even attempt to check my origin point, as I suggested?"

"That part checks out. But it doesn't explain how you came through with a ring when you keep saying things like that don't exist where you're from."

"I don't know that they don't exist where I'm from. I just hadn't seen one. Look, any Maltusian successor species could have forged it, as could the Qwardians. Larfleeze has a massive pile of orange rings in his cave; the Guardians already know that."

He crosses his arms. "What makes you say that?"

Ugh.

"Look, if the Guardians didn't brief you properly, it's probably because they don't want you to know."

"How do you know what the Guardians want? You've never spoken to them."

"No, I'm not doing this. I'm not going to talk to you and risk giving out information prejudicial to my Corps. The Guardian's desires and mine do not align."

He walks... Oh, he's actually going to walk behind me. I'm not going to risk moving my feet and I refuse to twist around.

"Alright then: you killed Ra's al Ghul."

"Yes? I knew he'd get up again."

"Killing someone with a power ring isn't supposed to be possible. Why didn't your ring shut down?"

"Because it's not full of Bobblehead malware. The Book of Oa's rules are abstractions of parts of your ring's programming, which orange rings don't have. Why did you think Alan was able to kill people?"

His footsteps stop. "I've read the Justice Society's records. Alan's never killed anyone."

Let's pretend they'd actually have recorded something like that.

"Did you read the All-Star Squadron's records? Because I assure you, during the Second World War? He killed people. Not many, and never without good cause, but he did." While he's here, I might as well ask... "Actually, while we're on the subject, how come you never offered to repair his ring?"

"He's not a member of the Green Lantern Corps. I had to argue with the Guardians before they'd agree to even let him keep his lanter-."

Oh.

I hold up my left hand, smiling, and generate a sigil on the back of my hand.

"They can't be too happy about what I've done with it. But, hey, thank you."

"Don't. Thank me. By killing a man in cold blood you've shown that you have no understanding of how a Lantern is supposed to behave."

"He got up again! And if you really care that much, why didn't you track him down years ago? My scanning abilities can't be that much better than yours."

He starts walking again. "The Lantern Cor... The Green Lantern Corps has rules about Lanterns using their rings to control the planets under their protection."

"What? How does that count?"

"The League of Shadows is big enough and old enough that according to Corps rules it counts as part of Earth's political system."

"Seriously? Do they let you do anything?"

He's completed the circuit and is now back in front of me.

"Do you have any idea how dangerous the universe is to somewhere like Earth? The Green Lantern Corps exists primarily to stop interstellar war, to stop more advanced civilisations conquering and destroying primitive ones like ours. And if being part of that means I have to agree not to try and decide for myself exactly what my homeworld should be like, then I'm okay with that. It may not seem fair sometimes, and I don't expect someone whose Corps is devoted to serving its members interests first and foremost to understand, but the only way we can operate is by maintaining trust. And we do that by staying true to our moral standards."

"Moral stan... Alright Lantern Jordan, try this: when Abin Sur -your predecessor- died, he left behind a widow and a son. Did you visit them to pass on your condolences A, immediately, B, after the conflict which resulted in Lantern Sur's death was resolved,-"

His face hardens.

"-C, after you finished basic training,-"

"You've made your point."

"Don't think I have, you're still standing here. D, a few years later when you were in the area on another unrelated matter, or E, you still haven't. Mmm?"

Bud-dum bom.

Mission report's finished.

Bud-dum bom.

And I've had a whole FUCKING hour of this.

Bud-dum bom. Bud-dum bom.

Not a word, but he's still throwing that-

Bud-dum bom.

-FUCKING green ball-

Bud-dum bom.

-against the sarcophagus.

Bud-dum bom.

Focus. Focus. A lot has happened-

Bud-dum bom.

-and you need to meditate.

Bud-dum bom.

"If I give you a useful piece of information will you please STOP doing that!?"

Bud-dum.

He's sitting on a green chair to my right, facing the sarcophagus. He swivels it around.

"I'm listening."

"They've got ten months."

"Who do?"

"The Bobbl-... The Guardians. I swore a magically binding oath that I'd stay in this system and follow orders until then. After that, I'm heading straight to Maltus, so they've got that long to start a dialogue with the Controllers. The Controllers will want the Orange Central Power Battery, and I know where it is."

I've also recorded that information somewhere Alan can find it, just in case. I don't want to risk the plan getting nobbled by a visit from The Corpse.

"They don't have it?"

"If they had it, I wouldn't be the only Orange Lantern outside of Vega, would I?"

"You told the League that you worked for the Controllers."

"I do. I'm keeping their ring, so I accept their authority, but I've never been in direct contact. Though, if you want to give me their e-mail address..?"

"So where does this 'First Lantern Larfleeze' fit in?"

"He's the guy who stole the Orange Central Power Battery. He's been using it as his personal lantern ever since."

"Shouldn't that mean you work for him?"

"Something doesn't become yours just because you steal it."

"When did this happen?"

"No. You've had your useful information. Besides, the Guardians already know that."

"How could the Guardians know-"

"They're the ones who said he could keep it. They even agreed to leave him to it, as long as he stayed in Vega."

"Okay, I know that's a lie. Green Lanterns are barred from operating in Vega by the Guardian's pact with the Psions."

"Go to the border, point your ring at Okaara, and tell it to scan for the orange light of avarice. I wouldn't tell you a lie you could easily disprove."

Respect to him, he actually pauses to think about that one.

"Why would the Guardians cover that up?"

"The Guardians are billions of years old. You think in all that time they haven't done lots of things they're ashamed of, things they don't want becoming common knowledge?

His eyes narrow.

"Like what?"

Sector 666 is the obvious thing, but I don't think this is the time. Besides, I might need to damage his will at some point. Perhaps I can help someone with this.

"Lantern Raker is a prisoner on Apokolips. With no ring charge he can't leave. The Guardians know full well that he's there. Do you see a rescue?"

He hold up his ring for a moment. Is he talking to it?

"There is no Lantern Raker."

"And who edits your database? Go there, and see for yourself. Might want to make sure you've got a way to leave without a ring though. The Guardians can remote deactivate you whenever they want."

He turns his head away from me, shaking it. Let him disbelieve. I remember what happened to those poor bastards the Guardians betrayed to Lady Styx with that ability.

Ball?

That wasn't the ring's voice. That's Teekl. I have a quick look around the room, trying to work out where she is.

She's standing on the wall above Lantern Jordan's head. I mean, at right angles to the ground, sticking to it with her claws. I don't think he's seen her.

Throw ball? Play?

Bom. Bom. Bom.

He's bouncing it.

Teekl, take the fucking ball.

There's an orange blur as she hurls herself off the wall, grabbing the ball at the bottom of its descent and rolling across the floor with it, tearing at it with her teeth and claws.

"Hey!"

"Hahahehehehe."

Jordan looks at me.

"What do y-"

He's staring at my left hand. Ah, he knows what it means when there's a construct around but the ring's not glowing.

"How are you doing that?"

"The Bobbleheads really didn't tell you anything, did they?"

He opens his mouth to pursue that line of questioning. I raise my hands to stop him.

"The ring calls the ability 'Identity Theft'. I think of it as assimilation. I point the ring at a living thing, state the command, and the ring turns them into an enduring construct. As far as I can tell, Teekl there-"

Lantern Jordan deletes his ball. Teekl spends a frenzied moment searching for it, then decides that, yes, it has indeed gone. She rolls to her feet and daintily starts licking her left front paw, ignoring both of us.

"-draws power directly from my personal lantern."

"You can do that to any living thing?"

"I haven't practised, for obvious reasons. But, as far as I know."

I nod.

"It's slow, though. Not much use in a fight. I think it only worked on her because she didn't want to be Klarion's familiar any more."

Lantern Jordan dismisses his chair and kneels down in front of Teekl, and reaches out slowly with his left hand.

Teekl stops licking herself, sniffs at him, then expresses her displeasure.

Jordan pulls back gingerly, stands up, then takes a step away from her.

Her eyes are still fixed on him, and she's still growling.

"Could you call her off? That's kinds creepy."

"Teekl's pretty much independent of me. I'm afraid you're stuck with it."

27th August
12:57 GMT -5

"It's just banter, honestly. He's a nice guy once you get to know him."

Jordan raises an eyebrow at this.

I finished my meditation while Teekl kept him transfixed. She wandered off after I finished. Maybe she was drawn here by my need to shut Jordan up?

I think I need to start bringing other people into my personal projects. Kon and M'gann were right; I should have involved them in the investigation. I'll talk to Kaldur about my ideas on anti-magic wards next time I see him, and I want to push Kon on the mental trawling thing I first thought about when I realised how much of a disconnect there was between what he knows and what he's been imprinted with. Maybe M'gann showing him her true... Sorry, her 'Martian' form, would help that along?

"He's always had a chip on his shoulder about getting his ring after I got mine."

Jordan's sitting on the sarcophagus. I'm still standing in place.

"That's not where the chip comes from."

"Well, where does it come from?"

"That's kind of personal to him. I mean, it would probably be good if you knew, and it didn't take me a lot of effort to find out. But I don't think it would be right for me to tell you. Besides, if I remember right, you weren't exactly first pick either."

Jordan crosses his arms. "What d'you mean by that? The ring chose me."

"Yeah, because Abin Sur edited the search criteria because he was dying and wanted to have time to explain things to the person it chose. The only reason Guy didn't get it was because you were closer."

"Did Guy tell you that?"

"You're wearing the ring; ask it."

"I don't need my ring to tell me that Guy's full of b-."

"Recognised, Batman, zero, two, Wonder Woman, zero, three."

I straighten up, arms straight down. Jordan stands.

Time to find out how badly I messed up.

Batman leaves the tube at a measured pace, Diana just behind him. I don't see any damage on him... I mean, I had been assuming that they'd level the island, but Jordan wouldn't let me check their progress.

Just in case...

Ring, scan for injuries.

Compliance. Batman has significant bruising to the right shoulder, arm and torso, as well as numerous other minor injuries. Diana is unharmed.

"Hey, what did you just do?"

Jordan spotted that? Interesting.

"Medical scan. Sir?" I catch Batman's eye. "If you want I can get rid of those bruises for you?"

He doesn't say anything. Guess not then.

Diana has a wry smile on her face. If I hadn't seen the expression before I'd probably have missed it. So, I'm not in the dog house? Or maybe I am, but Batman told a really funny joke just before they got in the tube.

I wonder if he'll say I can move before we start?

"At thirteen oh eight today the Justice League, acting on your information, attacked the League of Shadows facility on Infinity Island."

Guess not. Infinity Island. Even sounds like a supervillain base.

"At the present time, the facility, and all remaining personnel, are under Justice League guard pending the arrival of the Ecuadorian military."

Whaw. I mean, good, but whaw.

"Was Ra's there, sir?"

"He was not. Several other notable members of the League of Shadow's leadership were also absent."

Magic based teleportation, maybe? We really need a thaumaturgist on the team, and I don't think that Cornwall has the knowledge base. But why wouldn't they evacuate everyone. Finite power?

"The damage you did to their base, combined with the disappearance of their leadership, made our attack as easy as could be expected."

Go.. me?

"However, with their databases and records destroyed, by you, it will be very difficult for us to capitalise on this success. League of Shadow assets in the field will go into hiding until the leadership can re-establish itself in a new safe haven."

I wait for a moment. I really don't want to interrupt him, but he seems to have stopped for the moment.

"Um, sir? I was there for over three hours."

I make a small shrug.

"I took a copy of everything. Electronic and paper records. The only reason I haven't put it on the Justice League database yet is that it'll probably be a very large file, and I wanted to talk to you about it first."

He does nothing for a moment. Then, his face tilts slightly and he makes eye contact with Diana. She raises her eyebrows slightly.

Then he's looking straight at me. It's neither hostile nor friendly. Perhaps distant?

"You are certain that you got everything?"

Um..?

"If they had some sort of magic based storage system, then no. And I didn't scan stone carvings... Or people's memories. But otherwise, yes."

His head bows, slightly. He's still facing me, but I don't think that he's looking at me anymore.

"I will prepare a dedicated secure server. We will need to move on this quickly. The police will want access both to you and your data once the civil investigations start."

"I didn't have a search warrant, sir."

"There are.. internationally accepted procedures for getting around that. That was part of why the Justice League accepted a UN mandate in the first place. Given the number of countries in which you will likely be called upon to testify, it is fortunate that your ring has a universal translator."

He hasn't shouted yet. That's good.

"Make no mistake: despite what they've lost in resources and manpower, the League of Shadows will recover from this."

I wonder...

"Ring, locate Ra's al Ghul."

"Ra's al Ghul not found."

What?

"And adapt to the situation, if a little faster than I was expecting."

Oh, not good.

"Ring, locate League of Shadows member, codename 'Sensei'."

"Sensei not found."

So not good.

"Orange Lantern."

He gets my full attention again.

"I am not happy with your clear lack of forethought. Even though your ring lets you take certain shortcuts, preparation for an attack of this sort should have involved planning for any reasonably probable aftermath. The logistics needed to follow up on your success. While I understand what motivated you, it would have been far better to leave the facility in place and use your data intercept abilities to monitor their ongoing activities. Even with the database you've recovered, a sizable proportion of their fully trained field agents will not be found."

I nod, slowly. He's right. My focus was too narrow.

"And I am also not happy that you felt it appropriate to kill Ra's al Ghul, even temporarily. Nonetheless, a major blow has been dealt to the League of Shadows as a result of your actions. A great deal of their support infrastructure has been removed, and once we follow up on the data you procured their financial strength will be reduced as well. Furthermore, without a Lazarus Pit,-"

We both look at it for a moment.

"-Ra's al Ghul will be keeping his head down until he can create a replacement."

I wince slightly at 'head'.

It's strange, a little like one of those annoying quiz programs on television where they drag out telling the contestant whether they were right or not. I've heard Batman talking, but I genuinely have no idea which way he's going to go with the bottom line.

"This is a major victory, and completely validates our decision to bring you into this team."

I shudder with relief.

"Thank you sir. Sirs."

"I don't expect you to be able to plan an operation of this kind at your current level of experience. However, should you feel the need to do something like this again, I will expect you to conduct yourself with a good deal more care."

I nod.

Batman turns away and walks toward the zeta tube. Diana smiles and steps forward, both hands on my shoulders.

"Next time, talk to a League member about it first. That's why we're here, to offer the benefit of our experience."

"Yes sir."

"Recognised, Batman, zero, two."

"Do you intend to put the Lazarus Pit in the trophy room?"

"I don't think the room's big enough, sir. Really, I was hoping that someone on our side could use it for research. Try and find out how it works? I don't know if Mister Zatara knows about alchemy..?"

"Very well. Green Lantern, would you mind carrying it?"

A green aura extends directly from his ring. I've just about trained Guy not to do that.

"Paul, Alan told me that he'd like you to visit him this evening, if you have the time."

"Of course. Did he say what it was about?"

"Something about old photo albums..?"

Oh, heck yes. "Excellent. I'll tell him I'm coming."

She nods. "I'm still needed on Infinity Island. Be well, Paul."

"You too, sir. Oh, sir!"

"Yes?"

"Batman ordered me to stay here. As in, right here. Could you possibly..?"

She bites down a chuckle. "Orange Lantern. Direct order. You are free to go."

"Thank you sir."

She turns, and walks over to the zeta tube. Jordan starts to follow, but slows as he gets close to me.

"You were right, you know. It was D, and it should have been C."

"I shouldn'ta said that. I was just trying to score points. But, look, you need to investigate the other stuff."

His eyes flick down for a moment. "I'll... Think about it."

Then he starts walking again.

"Recognised, Wonder Woman, zero, three, Green Lantern, zero, five."

I stand there as the light fades, then gingerly check that after this much time my legs still work. Yep. Okay, time to put my resolution into practise.

Ring, kitchen.

I appear where I left, three and a quarter hours ago.

"-Justice League today. While no information has been released to the press, the size of the military build up-"

Kon swings his head around, then presses a button on the control box and the news broadcast goes mute.

I see the island.. Infinity Island. I think the picture is being recorded from a helicopter, while the reporter stays on dry land. The news channel is cutting back and forth between the two, with images of the military mobilisation forming the backdrop of the reporter segments. The woman on the screen gestures at something, and the on-shore camera tries to focus on something in the air. It takes me a few moments to realise it's Diana.

"Is this..? Did you do this?"

Kon looks a little stunned.

"Urp, turns out? Power rings are very good at finding people who're trying to hide. Once I told Batman there was a League of Shadows base there, he called the whole League in."

"And they're just.. gone?"

"That base, yes. The Justice League is very good at bringing overwhelming power to bear on targets they know about. We won't know how badly the Shadows are hurt until Batman starts following up on the intelligence I gathered."

He sags slightly, and turns back to the screen.

I walk around to the settee and sit down next to him.

"I already apologised for leaving you out. With Kaldur taking a break and the League.. clearly occupied, I doubt there'll be any team missions for a few days. But there are a few things I'd like us to look into."

He snorts, still not looking at me. "Bet none of them are a base full of ninjas."

"I'm afraid not. I actually wanted to prioritise tracking down John Constantine. That guy Diana and Donna couldn't find?"

"What's so special about him?"

"He's intelligent, cunning and ruthless. In terms of practical utility, he should be capable of using the Helmet of Fate. And maybe providing me with some sort of protection against magic."

Kon frowns. "You never said how you got rid of the rest of Klarion's spell."

"There's a guy in Cornwall, name of Robert Marrack. I read up on his magic related abilities, then asked him to try fixing me. I'm actually planning on trying to persuade Batman to let him join the team."

"You can do that?"

I shrug. "Won't know until I try. Don't see any harm in asking."

He leans back into the settee. "So, do you know where this wizard guy is?"

"No. Probably somewhere in London. There's a few people we could try talking to who might respond better to normal looking people than to Wonder Woman."

"Couldn't you just scan for another Shadow base?"

"Sorry. Tried. They've found some way to avoid the ring's scans."

He exhales moodily.

"Kon, intelligence gathering is important. I badly mishandled the attack against the Shadows because I didn't think the consequences through, and I nearly died fighting Klarion because I didn't prepare well enough."

"Fine. But, next time you find some ninjas-?"

"Fetching you will be the first thing I do."

27th August
20:34 GMT -5

"Yeah, I was still at the 'wearing it around the house stage' when I'd had mine for as long as you've had yours. Course, couldn't really get away with wearing it in public. Not, given its size."

Alan hadn't realised that I wear the ring pretty much all the time.

"Was that ever a problem? I mean, you were living in Gotham."

The table in Alan's dining room is covered in photo albums and case files. Black and white shots, mostly posed group shots and crime scene photos, with the occasional newspaper clipping and mug shot thrown in for interest.

"Yeah, but I lived in the good part of the city. Lower crime rate. Well, less street crime anyway. And my identity was a secret. No reason for anyone to target me. Heh, though ever since you showed up I've started wondering how many people were just humouring me."

The ring's scanning images and text, creating a database that I'll upload to the Justice League when I get back.

"Is Diana wearing culottes in that one?"

"Huh, yeah, actually. A lot of people think she wore skirts, but can you imagine flying in a skirt that size?"

For a moment I remember what Supergirl flew around wearing in the comics. Fortunately, all of the super women I've seen here are realistically proportioned. That would have been one weirdness too many.

"Did she really used to perm her hair?"

"Almost everyone on Themyscira has straight hair. I suppose it was her teenage rebellion stage."

I'm looking at a picture of a seventeen year old Wonder Woman. Her bustier had a different design back then. A different model, perhaps? Or maybe the armour was added later, and that really is just clothing? She never told me what she took with her when she left Themyscira.

Alan takes a sip from his glass. Two.. fingers? Of Scotch, with ice cubes.

"So, this is the All-Star Squadron period, right."

"Uh huh."

"Who came up with that name?"

"Oh, someone in the War Office, I expect. Originally it was just going to be there to coordinate us, y'know, super heroes. But a lot of us guys were getting called up, and then the Office of Strategic Services found out exactly how advanced the Nazis' arcane technology research had gotten... Well, it actually started handling combat deployments and suchlike."

"And they were okay with women being on the team."

"Funny you should ask; I actually got a picture of... Where is it...? Ah."

He flicks through a couple of pages, then points one out.

"Diana's holding a guy up by his ankle? Was he a German agent or something?"

"That's General MacArthur."

"No way."

"Honest to God. I got first question at every one of his press conferences in exchange for not publishing it. Think this is the only copy left."

Unreal.

Fun though this is, the actual reason I'm here is a bit more serious. None of these files are on the Justice League database, and given how long some supervillains can live -to say nothing of inherited abilities and technology- we need this stuff. I'm not sure whether or not Diana kept records back then, but I rather doubt it. A power ring can turn thousands of man hours of transcribing into the work of a few hours, but I'll still need to index the stuff.

"So, your mission reports are in..."

"Er, that one, I think."

I float up the indicated box. I'm not going to read them all here -that would be a waste of time, and fairly antisocial- but I do want to scan them with the pictures from the same period.

I stand up, and shuffle through while scanning, trying to get an impression of what they're about. Printed war department forms, covered with borderline illegible handwriting... Ah. I think the ring just turned it.. no, made me able to read them. Useful stuff. About two thirds of the way through, the texture of the paper changes. Not seeing any names I recognise, I shove the other reports out of the way and try and work out what the rest is.

There's no cover. The handwriting's different. There's some chemical formulas... What I think are medical records...

I carefully pull them out. Alan takes a look.

"Huh. Forgotten I had that."

I put the pile down in front of me, and begin going through them, trying to find some sort of explanation.

"What is it?"

"Well... You remember when we first met, you asked me where I first saw super powers?"

"Yes?"

"Well, after the All-Star Squadron stopped Hugo Danner's attempt to conquer Brazil with his 'Children of Dawn'... That was a bad business. They were children, you see? The formula -his father's formula- only works on children in the womb, and I guess he didn't want to risk waiting 'till they reached eighteen. Not that that would have been much better."

"How did he get them to work for him?"

"I've honestly no idea. None of them spoke English or Spanish. I suppose he found an isolated tribe or something. He said they called him 'Man-God', so perhaps it was religious reverence? Anyway, they pretty much tore up the military units that first tried to stop them, but by the time they reached Rio..."

He shrugs.

"Same thing that happened to the Indians. No resistance to White Man's diseases."

"Did any of them survive?"

"The Brazilian military took Danner himself, but it destroyed him, when his followers died. I remember hearing that he killed himself later. None of the children.. mm, teenagers, I suppose you'd say now, who took part in the attack lived. Jay and I, and a fellow named Doctor Robert Crane, we wanted to make sure he hadn't just left the really young ones behind, make sure no one was going to carry on his work."

He shakes his head.

"Never found them. No satellites or infra-red tracking in those days. But we did find what we thought was Danner's main base of operation, and laboratory. His papers. I just wanted to burn the whole place and have done with it, but Jay and Bobby argued that there wasn't anything wrong with the research. I mean, they were all volunteers, but it was like what you said happened with Clayface this morning. I'd just seen a thirteen year old girl damn near cough up her own lungs, I wasn't thinking rationally about it."

I feel floaty.

"You're telling me, you've got Hugo Danner's research notes."

"Nm, a couple of boxes worth. Jay didn't know what the long term effects of his own formula were going to be on him... 'Course, turned out he was fine. I don't think anyone's looked at them in decades. Forgotten I even had them."

The guys who wrote Bruce has a Problem didn't quite get it right, but there aren't many ways to give someone super powers that are reliable and don't have major side effects. I remember reading in Seven Soldiers, where Alix is in hospital and the doctors comment on how many admissions they get from people trying to improve themselves and failing. That happens here. Not quite enough to be a major problem; it's hard work to make a serious effort at it, and most people with that sort of ability either realise that it won't work, or get it right.

"Would you mind terribly if I took a copy?"

"'Won't be much use to you. Danner and his father both tried it on adults. Doesn't work."

No, but I have a power ring and a room full of rats. If I can understand the process, there really isn't any reason why I wouldn't be able to give everyone on the planet his abilities by inducing the change myself.

I could do that.

Would Alan be on board with transhumanism? Probably not. From his perspective it might sound like metahuman fascism.

Wait.

Kon.

Part Human.

Would it work on him?

"Metahumans happen. I... I wouldn't have a problem with people being able to choose to make their children as strong and tough as Hugo Danner was."

He looks me in the eye as he thinks it over. "I... I'm not sure that's a good idea. You and I, we chose to use our rings. Jay chose to use his formula on himself. It's not the same as a mother making the choice for her unborn children."

"Parents make all sorts of choices for their children, and it's not as if they'd have to be superheroes, or join the army. They'd just.. have a few extra abilities. And anyway, that would be years off."

"Uuhmm. I suppose. Alright, take a copy, but be careful with it."

"Because criminals might try and get hold of it?"

"No, because it doesn't have FDA approval." He widens his eyes. "Some laws aren't worth the trouble to break."

27th August
23:09 GMT -5

"I don't recognise this one."

I've been saying that a lot. I thought my knowledge of DC history was fairly good, but I've never heard of most of these people. I think Alan's enjoyed talking about them. Mostly. I think a combination of Scotch -he's about half way through the bottle- and me bringing up the Danner business has given him a slight morbid tinge, as he's made a point of mentioning how each of them died.

Not many superheroes from the forties left. It's basically him, Jay, Diana, Red Tornado and Wildcat, and two of them are immortal. No. Ageless. He thinks some of the others might still be about, they weren't all particularly close.

"That's.... Danette Reilly. Firebrand." He waves his right index finger. "Uhh, the second one. She said the second one. I don't remember the first."

I don't remember her at all.

"Nice woman. Took a bullet for Jay in forty five."

I'm going to assume fatally.

We're looking at a book with some larger formal photographs. Mostly whole group shots in costume, though there's one of Wildcat, Jay and Alan in normal clothes in a bar.

"I remember that one. Johnny took it. He always said we didn't spend enough time together outside of, y'know."

He points at the page opposite; a full roster of the Society at its peak.

"Is that.. Johnny Thunder?"

"Nice to know not everyone's forgotten about him."

I wait for it.

"Died three years ago, after his.... fifth stroke? He sorta recovered from the first. Second sent him to a nursing home." He swirls his drink around, staring at it. "After his third, he didn't recognise me anymore. 'S. 'S nasty way to go."

Ring, is he okay?

Alan Scott is not in serious danger of alcohol poisoning. However, he would be in breach of local law if he attempted to drive a motor vehicle.

Duh.

Okay, new book, new page. Ring, find me the one in which Alan's smiling the most.

An album in a box on the far side of the room is acquired and lifted over. I close the one we had been looking at and push it aside as the album the ring selected lands.

"Hm. Don't recognise this one."

Sounds promising. There's got to be some good memories in here.

The first picture shows a much younger Alan with a group of other men, standing next to what look like a pile of railway sleepers. There's what looks like a train depot in the background. That date at the bottom is September 17th, 1937.

"Huh." He pulls the album over to him. "Took trains all over Connecticut with those guys. Uh, let's see, Cliff,-" He points. "-Derek, Saul, Joe, Eugene, Cedric, Donald, Morris and Jesse. Derek was my coal man, and Morris was my conductor. Christopher Keppler was the name o'the guy taught me to run it. Er, he's not in this picture."

He flips forwards a couple of pages. I catch sight of a picture of him with an older man and woman. His parents? Another picture, labelled 'Gotham, 1940', of an apartment building.

Then he stops, and exhales.

Looks like an office staff photo. I take a quick look at the names at the bottom.

Fuck.

Rose Canton is at the end of the line, arm around him.

Fuck.

She didn't even work there! She had a plant shop, didn't she? Something plant related? When she wasn't crazy?

He turns the next few pages. Some sort of tissue paper pockets with letters inside.

The next photograph is of the two of them at a restaurant.

Another intake of breath, and Alan pushes the album away a little. We sit in silence for a couple of moments.

I'm rubbish at things like this. I've no idea what to say. The woman he loved, the woman he married, had a serial killing alter ego. I risk a look sideways. He just looks dazed. I reach out and put a hand on his arm. That seems to bring him out of it a little. He breathes in, a little raggedly.

"It was horrible, what happened to her. I'd fought.. well, you know. The other woman."

A pause, while he gathers his thoughts.

"Attacks, some planned, some random. Even after I finally caught her, I didn't realise... Not right away. R. Rose told me they were sisters. Since she clearly.. clearly needed psychological help, Diana was able to get the judge to send her to their.. to the Amazon's rehabilitation centre. The ring made it easy to visit. Think... I think she was the only one there who got visitors. Two years she was there, no relapses. We got married a month after they released her."

It was her. The investigation, the closing of the Amazon's prison. They happened because of Thorn Canton.

"After she... Did relapse, I knew that she couldn't ever be released safely. They built a.. an isolation unit on Paradise Island for her. She stayed, even after the rest of the prison was closed down. I kept visiting, but it was always Thorn, never Rose. She used to taunt me about it. She finally died, still cursing me, about twelve years ago."

I have no words. I can't even think anything.

"If it hadn't been for Jay and Joan, I don't know what I'd have done. They really are the best friends a man could ask for."

He seems to recover a little.

"Y'know, Donna thinks you're a fruit."

Whu?

"But, when Diana told me about how you stuck up for Superboy, and with what you said at the barbeque, it reminded me about how Jay stuck by me."

He pauses for a moment.

"I mean, it's fine if you are a fruit, it's just, I know that two men can love each other without it being..."

"Alan, Kon's two months old. Even if I was, no."

"Right. Right."

I'm not sure I should ask. I know Green Lanterns are tenacious, but...

"You kept visiting her for fifty years?"

"Yeah."

"That... That must have been..."

"Horrible? Yeah, it was." He shifts slightly in his chair. "Jay... He sorta tried to talk me into stopping, once. But I'll say to you the same thing I said to him. I never gave up hope, even after..."

Another deep breath.

"Love doesn't conquer all. You can't.. can't keep loving someone who does nothing but curse you, and spit in your eye. But I always hoped that there'd be some way to free the wonderful woman I once fell in love with."

"I'm... I'm so sorry."

He stares at his drink for a moment, then puts it down next to the album.

"It's funny. You were saying earlier how you wear your ring the whole time, 'cept when you're on the crapper? I only.. only started keeping mine charged again after Rose passed on. Only started keeping it with me when Johnny died. I was actually starting to think about..."

He shakes his head.

"Doesn't matter. When you showed up, I actually thought you were here to kill me. Before you said you wanted to buy it, I was this close-" He holds up his right hand and forefinger. "-this close to just diving across the room and taking my chances."

"Alan, I was never-"

"I know you weren't. I know you weren't. Let me finish. You give me something new to hope for, you understand? 'S why I wanted you to have my lantern, why I tried to browbeat Diana into taking you on. Why I want you to be the best darn super hero you can be. And if there's anything else you need my help with, you just ask, yeah?"

His core desire. When I looked into his soul with the Ophidian's Eyes.

Legacy.

Me.

Challenge accepted.

28th August
08:28 GMT -5

What is this crap?

Kon's hands are over his ears. M'gann's wincing.

"Paul, why are we listening to this?"

"John Constantine used to be in a punk band called Mucus Membrane. This is the only song they recorded that I've been able to find a copy of."

Kon turns to me as he hunches his shoulders. "How is this supposed to help?"

I'm not too sure myself, now. "Help us get into his head a bit?"

M'gann looks incredulous.

She's in her 'Megan' shape, and I've persuaded Kon to put on something other than his 'S' t-shirt. Just a plain black one with blue jeans, but it's a start. We're in the bioship, heading for London across the Atlantic.

I didn't get much sleep last night. On the plus side, I can now confirm that I don't really need it. After his speech about how he felt about me, Alan became noticeably more upbeat. He was even willing to carry on going through his personal album with me, and he was able to smile at some of the happier memories.

And once I got back to the mountain, I couldn't stop thinking about his surprising vitality. I know that in the comics there was some sort of pocket dimension thing, and temporal manipulation, which together explained why a group who fought in World War two could be alive and vigorous in the modern era. But Jay looks like a ninety year old. Ted Grant -Wildcat- could pass for seventy, but that's because he's just about the most muscular old person I've ever met. Alan looks half his actual age.

The only time I remember something like that happening in the comics was while he had the Starheart as part of his body.

His lantern was leaking. His ring visibly leaks.

I checked the photos. Until Rose died, he looked more or less his chronological age.

After she died, he started looking a little better. A little more colour in his hair, and I doubt he started dyeing it.

After Johnny died, the effect is much more pronounced. A little over a year, and you'd think one picture was of the other's son.

While Rose was alive, his strongest emotion was hope. Once she died, it was will.

He was forcing himself to keep going, and his focus on willpower made him younger.

And I took his lantern.

He can't recharge.

He's going to die.

To distract myself from dooming my mentor I started work on the Danner Formula. A couple of pregnant rats were removed to a smaller enclosure and given an injection of transmuted formula. The internet says that rats gestate their young for between twenty one and twenty four days, so I've got about four days before I need to start assessing whether it worked or not. I had the ring track the changes in their body tissues. Something's happening, but my knowledge of biology isn't good enough to understand it precisely.

I haven't told Kon yet. I don't want to raise false hope in him, but I'm hoping myself. Larfleeze was weak against hope because he hoped to be rid of the orange ring. I've never had that problem.

"Okay, Diana didn't get anywhere talking to his sister. We're going to talk to a man called Francis William Chandler. He's Mister Constantine's closest friend, and if anyone knows where he is, it'll be him."

With something other than the horrible caterwaul to focus on, Kon gingerly takes his hands away from his ears.

"Why didn't Wonder Woman try him?"

"I only found out his real name after that mission. I'd only ever heard him called 'Chas' before that, and you can't find someone on company records with a nickname."

Kon makes eye contact with M'gann. She turns to me. "So, how do you want to do this?"

"If we tell him that we want to see Mister Constantine, he'll put his guard up. A lot of people have tried to get at Mister Constantine through him over the years. It'll work better if we ask him to pass on a message. I'll pay him as well. Kon, I'll have my shield on minimum, so I'll need you to be alert for attack. M'gann, try and scan for Constantine himself. Don't attempt a deep reading, there's things in his brain no one should see."

Kon crinkles his nose. "So we're just coming here to talk to one guy?"

"No. I've got a list of addresses to try, and there's some pubs we can ask about him in. And we could, you know, look at the sights."

Kon slumps. Try harder.

"If that doesn't take your fancy, there's a giant prison camp in the Gobi desert full of metahumans we could take a look at?"

Now he's looking at me full on. "You mean, like Belle Reve?"

Mercifully, the song finishes.

"No. In China, they don't like metahumans running around freely. When their abilities manifest, someone from the Standing Committee on Metahuman Affairs pays them a visit to explain how it's their patriotic duty to offer their services to the state. If they refuse, a man named Captain Fang Zhifu comes to see them."

I generate a life size image of his current appearance.

"His codename, is August Captain In Iron, and he is China's greatest superfunctionary. Strength, endurance, and unshakable conviction. Not sure what that staff thing does."

Kon studies the image.

M'gann looks horrified. "He kills them?"

"No, not usually. He makes the offer again. If they refuse, he beats them into submission, then gets them transferred to the Gobi desert prison. It's amazing how being stuck in a desert with no contact with your family and no hope of release makes people reconsider the offer of work."

I checked this all thoroughly. His kill count on 'collection' jobs is surprisingly low, considering. I doubt he'd lie on an official report; his contempt for almost everyone came through really clearly.

"I can take him."

"Kon, picking a fight with him would mean picking a fight with all of China. China has a seat on the UN Security Council. They, sanction the Justice League. Disturbing though this is, nothing illegal has happened here. I'm more interested in this man."

A new image.

"This is Yao Fei, known in Tibet as Accomplished Perfect Physician. He went to Tibet as part of the Red Army. I'm not completely clear what happened, but the next mention of him in official records lists him as a defector."

I hadn't remembered that he'd killed a monk before he was empowered. Might make him a harder sell to the League.

"At some point, he gained superpowers, including sonic attacks, flight and healing, and started acting against Chinese interests in Tibet. He eventually handed himself over after another superfunctionary -the Socialist Red Guardsman- took a monastery hostage, and announced that he'd kill them if he didn't. He's in the desert camp now."

I remember him working with the Great Ten. Something different has happened, and I need to know what and why if I'm going to get him a place on the League.

"The camp doesn't look exceptional from the outside. We need recordings if we're to prompt the League into taking action. My aim here is to do something that will see conditions improved, and-"

I make eye contact with both of them in turn.

"-I think the way to do this is to convince the League that the Physician deserves a position on their roster. That would increase China's prestige and give them a voice in the League's decision making, while for him it would mean that he doesn't have to spend his time enforcing the Chinese government's will. Plus, the League's kind of overloaded with Americans at the moment."

Kon frowns.

"You think the League don't know about this?"

"China's got a lot of prison camps. And you're proof that the League doesn't know everything."

28th August
19:27 GMT -5

Still no Constantine. Chas said that he hadn't seem him for a few weeks, but he took my money and the phone number I gave him and said he'd pass them on. M'gann said that he was telling the truth. The number goes to a payphone in Happy Harbour to which I've covertly added an answering machine, which will alert me if anyone actually leaves a message. A couple of the publicans we spoke to knew of him, but they hadn't seen him recently either.

The camp in the Gobi is much bigger than I expected. I'd scanned it before, and I knew the population size, but seeing it up close is very different.

I had to use the ring to deal with their sensors. They have a gravity sensor that is very similar to the one the League of Shadows had, and the bioship's stealth system only works for light. Not sure whether that's just what gravity sensors look like, or if they trade with the Shadows, or if the Shadows stole it. The latter is probably more likely, but these are the people who worked with a giant egg in the comics.

I asked M'gann to scan Yao Fei, so we'd have some idea what his mental state was. He felt it, though, and asked who we were. After a brief introduction he told us that he had chosen to stay in the camp because they are kept short of medical practitioners, and in any case some of the metahumans have nonstandard physiologies that would be hard for anyone else to treat. He thanked us for offering to bring the camp to wider attention, but suggested that releasing the information to the general public would most likely be counterproductive.

M'gann said that his mind was 'echoey'. I don't remember him in the comics well enough to begin to suggest why that might be.

I'm sitting up on top of the mountain, watching the sun go down. Never really been one for that sort of thing, but I've got time now. Maybe all time, if the ring has really nixed my ageing process. M'gann wanted to talk to Kon about something before dinner, and hinted that I should absent myself for a little while. Not sure what that was about.

Okay. Need to speak to Batman about Robert, and need to do more work on Yao Fei. Constantine can wait.

I hear a faint noise, a foot slipping on the loose soil as someone tries to climb the mountain.

"Ah! Friggin' bushes..."

That's not Kon's voice.

The League never said what we should do about regular trespassers. It would be easy to throw him out, but that would rather give the game away about the mountain being in use. Hmm. I'm in my regular clothing, and the ring's barely glowing. Could I get away with claiming to be the gardener? I don't have the appropriate ID, and I imagine the League are fairly hot on that for their contractors and employees. I can't pass as local. A tourist, trying his luck? Give it a go, I suppose. If I tell him they let the dogs out at eight...

"Bastard mountain..."

I hear a couple of groans as he pulls himself up the rocky patch on the south western side, and in the fading light I shuffle round to see who it is.

And then my shield goes up and my armour goes on.

John Constantine. Sting lookalike in a trenchcoat and a blue suit, wheezing like a man who smokes thirty a day and just tried to climb a small mountain.

Next time, I'll remember about scrying and divination magic.

I get up. He glowers at me.

"You..." He leans against a tree, panting as he points at me with his right hand. "You're the little sod.. who convinced me sister.. that the flamin' Justice League are after me."

For a moment, I'm dumbfounded. I gape, and blink stupidly. "No I didn't!"

That wasn't clever. Get it together.

"That's not the bloody impression I got! Wonder Woman asking after me. Christ!"

Pause. Prepare.

"Mister Constantine, a man named Kent Nelson had disappeared and you were one of two people we knew he wanted to talk to. You were never under suspicion of anything."

He stares at me for a moment. He's still out of breath.

"Would it help if I phoned Misses Masters and told her this?"

"Nelson... Nelson... Rings a bell..."

Okay, this is John Constantine. He almost certainly knows, and is fishing. But if I want him to trust me...

"Formerly Doctor Fate, late of the Justice Society."

He finally catches his breath, and pulls out a cigarette. "Yeah? And what'd he want to talk to me about?"

"Taking on his job. On my recommendation, actually."

He squints. "Y'what?"

"Doctor Fate was responsible for this.. magic.. tower.. thing, in Salem, plus a Helmet containing the spirit of a Lord of Order named Nabu."

"And he wanted me t'have it?"

"Um, no. He wanted to investigate you, and maybe offer it to you." I shrug. "Since he's dead, it doesn't really matter now."

"Depends. How'd he die?"

"Lived over a hundred years, then got hit in the chest by a bolt of red lightning thrown by a Lord of Chaos named Klarion the Witch Boy."

He sucks in his cheeks. "Him, I've heard of. So, who got the Helmet?"

"No one."

"Might wanna watch that, chum. Magic artefacts have a way of turnin' up when it's least convenient."

"Oh, we know where the Helmet is. But from the way Mister Zatara reacted when I mentioned your name, I doubt it'll go to you."

He shuffles a little when I mention Zatara's name, then lights his cigarette and takes a drag.

"So what you're saying is, my sister got scared out of her mind 'cause Wonder Woman didn't bother giving her a proper explanation, looking for a man I've never met, over a job that isn't available any more?"

Um.

"Basically?"

He turns, takes another puff, and looks down the slope. "Right, sod it then, I'm off."

!Protection!

"I.. have a job for you. If you're interested."

He takes a step towards the edge, and looks down some more. He seems less eager to leave than his tone suggested.

"Hear me out and I'll carry you down?"

He stands still for a moment, then turns around. "What is it?"

"I'm got a bit of a problem with magic. Some types of spell, I just can't block with this ring."

"So, what, you want some kind of protective charm?"

"No, I can buy things like that wholesale from Atlantis. But I seem to remember, some years ago, you made a Demoness impossible to detect with magic."

"How the hell did you hear about that?"

"I wasn't going to recommend you for a job like the one Mister Nelson had in mind without checking you out first. Now, would that ritual work on someone without a soul?"

He scowls. "Who'd you sell it to, you stupid berk?"

"No one. I come from a parallel universe with no magic. No magic, no soul. No soul, no magic resistance."

His face relaxes a little. Contemplative. "Thought finding you was a bit easy."

"Though, since you bring it up, how much would you charge for a copy of that nifty book on demons you've got? In this job I'm bound to run into one eventually."

He sucks his cigarette into an inferno, then walks over to me and sits down, legs over the edge. "Think you better tell me the whole story first."

2nd September
09:07 GMT -2

I try to push all thought of the truly horrible thing my alleged team mates have done to me out of my mind as the man who introduced himself to me as Sephtian closes up shop. It's a slow day down here on the outskirts of the Shayeris central business district, and apparently I warrant his undivided attention. I hadn't appreciated before exactly how many Atlanteans diverge physically from the Human baseline. Sure, Kaldur has gills, but I'd sort of assumed that was the norm. Not so, as I now realise.

Sephtian looks like a cross between a Human and a Manta Ray. Most of the skin I can see is grey-blue, and he has flaps of flesh running down the sides of his head in place of hair. Another pair of fleshy protuberances line the sides of his mouth like a thin moustache. His nose is flattened against his face and his eyes look solid black. Unusually, he's wearing loose fitting robes -most Atlanteans seem to prefer tight fitting and minimalistic clothing, probably due to the pressure at this depth- and I think I might have caught sight of a thin tail when he turned away.

There was some sort of attack on the capital a few days ago, so I changed from my standard armour back to my civilian clothing. I don't have any equipment which would allow me to survive at this depth anyway, and magic and arcanotech weapons are common enough that I'd be nervous about employing any strategy other than 'run away'. I asked the ring about FTL down here, and it told me to trot on.

"Soooo..." Sephtian arranges himself on the chair opposite me. "Don't get many surface dwellers in my shop. In fact I.. I can't remember last time I saw one in the city."

"Getting here's a bit tricky for most of us."

"So I'd imagine. I.. don't recognise the spell you're using. Some sort of environmental barrier? You're clearly not wet."

I hold up my left hand, ring toward him. He shifts his head slightly, and pulls his hands into his chest.

And I get a sensation like someone's yanking my muscles around under my skin.

"Please don't do that."

"Abyssal.. depths, whatever happened to you?"

"I came here from a parallel universe. I don't have all the right parts."

"Clearly." He takes another look at the ring. "That's a power ring, isn't it? Our king sets great store by his Justice League; I've tried to familiarise myself with it's members."

"Yes. I can block or disrupt conjured attacks, but less tangible forms of magic do a number on me."

"Yes, I suppose they would." He fans his hands. No webbing, I notice. "So what can I do for you?"

"To start with, I want a personal ward. Strongest you have immediately available. I don't have any local currency, but I'm sure we can sort something out."

He blinks, and nods. "Most likely."

"Then I want to talk to you about a custom job. A ward stronger than anything its size that has ever been created before. And once we've got a design that works, I want twenty of them."

"Well, I'm not sure-."

"By the end of the year."

He blinks heavily, then fans his arms. "It's nice that you have such faith in my abilities, but in all honesty that sounds like a commission that would be well beyond them."

"Actually, I suspect that you're the only person in Atlantis who can do it. See, I was reading through some of Kaldur's schoolbooks... Kaldur'ahm? Aqualad?"

Three small nods. "I am aware of him."

"He's got an essay you wrote, on amulet smithing. See, on the surface, we don't have magic education as part of our normal curriculum. You tell someone like me that smaller enchantments are proportionally more powerful than larger ones, and I get interested. I couldn't follow the proof, but I did follow the experiments. You had good results."

He leans forward, and makes a praying gesture with his hands. "The Sephtian Proof, yes. It's true, but the difference isn't that great at sizes it's practical to create. At best, if you gave me two years, I could make something maybe four times as effective as something you could buy off the shelf, and at an astronomically greater cost."

"But how much of that do you need to do?"

"All of it, that's the problem. The reason why I'm not a very rich man, heh. There are no steps you can skip."

"That's where you're wrong."

"Oh? How so?"

"A power ring isn't a weapon, it's a tool. I can create any object, any material, any shape you want. All of that tedious work with fine wires to get the sigils you need to bind the spell? Done in a couple of seconds."

His eyes widen slightly.

"I can also make them smaller than you could make by hand. The greater the density, the greater the-"

"Greater the effect, yes. With that out of the way..." He shakes his head, fins flapping. "From two years to maybe four months, and I'll reduce the price if you make me more blanks than you want for yourself. But before new year? No."

"I haven't finished yet."

"Huh, don't let me stop you. You've already been worth my time." He smiles, making an effort not to show me the inside of his mouth. "The proof was just a formalisation of things artificers already knew, if less precisely. I never expected to do much serious work with it."

"How much of the spellwork do you need to do?"

"Eeeerraaaaah. I could bring in other practitioners, but the cost jumps up and we'd probably get in each other's way."

"How about if they were students? Good enough to copy what you were doing, but not qualified in their own rights."

"Cheaper, certainly. But you've still got the same basic problem."

"What if the artefact consisted of a large number of smaller pieces, each enchanted individually then integrated?"

"No, it wouldn't work. The slightest difference in the spells themselves and they'd just disrupt each other."

"What if there were a master resonance effect-."

His eyes grow distant. "Effect on the workshop itself. As long as the spells were basically similar they'd tend to form in pattern, and because at the size you're talking about they'd be so weak anyway..."

He goes still, not looking at me. For a moment I wonder if he's fainted. Then he orientates on me again. "That could work. I'm.. not sure about the timelines. I'm assuming that you were thinking along the lines of lots of students, not a couple of apprentices?"

"We do it all the time on the surface. Interning, we call it. Most of the time they don't even get paid."

"Uuuuu, slavery is illegal in Atlantis, but I think I can keep the cost down." Another pause. "What, exactly, did you want this amulet to do?"

"Absorption of arcane power, constant effect. I realise that even if it was as efficient as your figures say it should be, there'll be some wastage, but would it be possible to make it recharge itself from what it absorbed?"

"There's a couple of things... You'll lose some effectiveness in a head to head fight. But if regular maintenance would be difficult... I don't know. I need to start.. work on this." He rises. "Right now, let me get the pendant you wanted. The woefully out of date pendant like the ones that all of my competitors use. Woefully out of date. Hm-hmm."

Ring, gold.

Twenty of the larger coins from my initial foray to the asteroid belt appear.

"I understand that high purity metal is pretty valuable down here. Is this going to be enough to get you started?"

"Hm? Yes, certainly. Hard to smelt to high purity gold underwater. Best we can do on any sort of scale is about ninety eight point seven percent, and that imposes some fairly severe limitations on the amount of arcane power it can bind. That's one of the reasons why King Orin is trying to increase our very limited trade with the surface. How pure?"

"One hundred percent."

His neck twists back to look at me at an angle that wouldn't be comfortable for a normal Human.

"I think I'm going to like you."

2nd September
11:40 GMT -2

I really should have thought that through better. Their capital was just attacked by outside forces. Obviously they'd be on high alert.

And I hadn't bothered to get an entry visa.

The cell I'm sitting in is about one and a half metres by one and a half metres by two metres. The front is solid translucent water, like Kaldur's water bearers when he makes a solid shape. It isn't cold, but it resists when I push it. Interesting how magic takes the place of technology. I'm not sure what the walls are made of. It's purple, and slightly luminescent.

The charm Sephtian sold me is on a chain around my neck. It's made of silver metal and looks like a wishbone, with the two prongs pushed past each other. Since I was cooperating and didn't have any visible weapons the guards didn't give me more than a cursory search. Presumably they made the same assumption about my orange aura that Sephtian did.

I've no idea what the penalty is under Atlantian law for the sort of trespass I've made. If it's a fine then I should be out of here as soon as I can plead guilty. If it's a bit more brutal then I'll just have to forcibly extricate myself and plead my case with King Orin. He seems to be a reasonable chap.

One nice thing about this is that I've had uninterrupted peace in which to meditate.

My RingHUD indicates that people are coming down the corridor. I think I'm in the local police station equivalent rather than a proper prison, but I didn't see anyone else when they brought me in. Alright, who is..? Ah.

Kaldur and someone in a slightly fancier uniform than the regular guards step in front of the screen. The new guard has purple skin and tentacles where his legs should be. I smile guiltily and do a royal wave with my right hand. Kaldur says something to the guard, and a small portal opens in the screen.

"Orange Lantern. What brings you to Shayeris?"

I sag slightly. "Shoppiiiinnng."

"You have picked a most unfortunate time to do so."

I step up to the barrier, keeping my hands where they can see them. "Yeah, spotted that. Look, how much trouble am I in here?"

"That.. depends. The phrourarch needs to ask you some questions."

"Sure, no problem. Happy to help."

Kaldur steps to the side a little, and the guard comes to the fore. Since his title didn't translate I'm going to assume that English doesn't have a direct equivalent.

"Why did you come to Shayeris?"

"Shopping."

"But why have you come here, specifically?"

"I have a vulnerability to magic. I wanted to buy a protective charm, and you can't get those commercially on the surface. So, I went to see a guy named Sephtian, and bought this." I pull out the charm on its chain.

The guard's eyes narrow slightly. "That is a powerful ward. Far stronger than would be necessary for personal protection."

"Lets see how far you get with two shards of elemental chaos shoved through your chest, then."

His eyes widen slightly.

Kaldur sighs. "Please try to understand his concerns. Poseidonis was attacked by soldiers loyal to Black Manta. We were able to fight them off due to our use of combat sorcery. Protective magics such as the artefact you now possess represent a threat to our ability to defend ourselves in future."

Oh, come on.

I make a gesture of appeal. "I was shopping! It was for sale! Sephtian didn't mention any restrictions or anything. It's strictly for personal use and not resale. I'm sorry that I didn't think to pick up an entry visa, but the only way this-" I jingle the pendant. "-would go anywhere near Black Manta is if I was fighting him."

The phrourarch makes eye contact with Kaldur, who nods.

"Kaldur, you were there. You know how fast Klarion was able to take me down. I'd be a fool to leave such a glaring weakness. And you know that there's no way the guards could have brought me in if I hadn't let them."

That earns me a scowl from the phrourarch, but Kaldur nods again.

"Release him."

The phrourarch stiffens, and then makes an action with his hand just outside my field of vision. In response, the rest of the barrier collapses. He pauses, gives me a 'I'll be watching you sonny' look, nods respectfully to Kaldur, and then swims off down the hallway.

Kaldur watches him go, then turns back to me. "I am sorry for the questioning, but my king asked me to come here to speak with you. I could not show favouritism in discharging my official duties simply because we are friends."

I smile. "Of course. Don't worry about it. Look, what's the fine for not getting an entry visa?"

He shakes his head. "There is no fine. While visas are issued to make it easier for invited guests to interact with us while they are in Atlantis, there is no law which requires you to possess one. Few surface dwellers are capable of reaching here, so no law has ever been needed."

"Oh."

He starts swimming slowly down the corridor, and I follow him.

"Soooo... How's the leave of absence going?"

He doesn't immediately answer.

"I.. was made aware that I was not focusing properly on my responsibilities to the team. Batman felt that returning home would help me clear my head."

"Has it?"

"I believe so."

I don't really want to do this, but it needs to be said.

"Batman's got a mission for us. We'll be heading out either tomorrow evening or the morning after. Are you going to be back by then?"

"I am uncertain."

"Kaldur, that wasn't exactly a social enquiry."

We stop swimming. We've reached a balcony with a good view of the city. With no need for people to walk on the ground, buildings here have entries at all levels. With no light reaching us from the sun, they don't bother with windows. Bioluminescence everywhere.

"It was M'gann's idea. If you're not back, I'm... They're putting me in charge of the team. For that mission at least."

His eyes drop for a moment. "Congratulations."

"No, not congratulations. I want you in charge. Unlike you, I don't have the skill set to do that job." I exhale heavily. "But I'd rather develop the skills than go through another mission like Gotham, you understand? I thought I'd killed Clayface."

Kaldur nods. "Has he recovered?"

"STAR labs say there's some activity. We won't know for a while yet."

He moves over to lean on the balcony railing. I follow, giving him some space. "I should not have cut myself off from my home. Perhaps, if I had not..."

"Speaking as someone who can't go home, yeah, that was a bad idea."

He turns back to me. "I believe I have resolved my.. difficulties. I will be returning to the mountain tomorrow."

"Glad to hear it." I usually only feel like this with Kon, but it seems appropriate. I swim a bit closer. "Y'know, if you've got a problem, you can talk to us about it, right?"

"Thank you for your offer, but I believe I will be alright."

*Episode 09*: Clueless

14th April

Nugh?

"Pffffffffffff!"

What the heck?

Sand?

What?

The cold sand under my right hand shifts slightly as I push myself into a kneeling position.

What?

Dark, I was expecting. Sand, not so...

"Oh!"

Right, dream. Chu.

I push backwards, onto my bare feet.

I've never been able to get this lucid dreaming thing to work for me before, but let's try...

"Clean!"

Sand sprays off me in all directions, nearly causing me to lose my lips as the sand in my mouth leaves by the nearest available exit.

Alright, that worked. Now, what do I... Whaw.

Looking down, I'm not standing on the ground anymore. I'm floating just above it. There's a small indentation where I was standing, and my feet are surrounded by a corona of orange light.

Flying dream. I love flying dreams. Even that one time I was riding on a dragon's back to do it.

I grin, and look at the sky.

Go go go!

Dust is blown away from me as I rocket into the sky. Within a few seconds I'm too high up to see the crater I made. I stop, and turn slowly around, taking everything in. A bit hard to see in the dark...

Haha! I control this dream!

The clearly illuminated desert dunes stretch away in all directions. Kinda dull, actually. No, I'm not wasting this!

I dive back for the desert floor, grinning like a loon. As I hit the ground I want it to part before me, and then like Scrooge McDuck I dive through the densely packed silica grains in a subterranean 'U' before surfacing and hovering just above the ground.

The path of my passage is now shiny crystal, a bit like the passages used in Tok'ra installations. As I watch, a weak wind blows some of the sand around the entranceway down into it. I suppose it'll fill in completely before too long. A bit of a shame, that. I remember an episode of the Aladdin animated series where Mechanicles tried to turn the whole desert into glass. Crazy, yes, but pretty.

Wait a second. Why am I glowing orange?

I hold out my hands for a moment. There's a glowing orange ring on my left. I bring it closer for my face, and turn my hand so that the palm is facing me.

Orange power ring, of course! What better representation of a whim indulgence lucid dreaming than a device designed to make whatever the user wants to happen happen!

"Hello, ring!"

"Awaiting command."

Hmm. The voice reminds me of the AI from Flight of the Navigator. Not sure what I was expecting. Was that my first exposure to the idea of artificial intelligence?

This desert's a bit boring. Go somewhere else? Wait, what am I wearing? My summer pyjamas? Oh, hello arm, aren't you muscular today?

I hold my right arm out to the side, upper arm horizontal and forearm straight up. I roll up the short sleeve of my pyjama top and rotate my hand one hundred and eighty degrees, watching the muscles move as I do so. I move my left arm over -yep, it's the same- and gently rub my right bicep, marvelling at it.

Ring, remove my pyjamas.

Oh HELL yes.

My left hand traces the contours of my abdominal muscles as my right runs over my pectorals. Some sort of silver pendant sits between them on a chain. Ignoring it, I stretch, lean and flex, all the while taking in the GLORY that is ME. I run my hands over the unfamiliar muscles on my back. No body hair? Odd, but somehow appropriate, like a body builder but less deformed. I bend and tense the muscles in my legs, lightly massaging my thighs and calves. Also good.

Penis looks the same, with the slightly discoloured patch on the left side of the head still visible. Looks like I evened up my scrotal balance though.

God, this is great.

Okay, clothes. Something classy. Oh yes, this is a nice suit.

I rub myself against it, taking a moment to relish the feel of the material against my smooth skin. Closing my eyes and stretching my arms out to the side. No glasses, but my vision is perfect. The feel of wind through the fingers is like nothing I've felt before. I can hear the faint sound of sand grains sliding past each other. I can smell the arid desert air.

I shake slightly at the overwhelming sensuality of it all.

Huhuhuhurrrr.

**Ohh, my head... Where am I? This can't be Mars...**

My eyes snap open.

What was that? Hello?

**One moon... white sand... Oxygen!**

Hello?

**Hello?**

I receive an impression of surprise.

**Who's there?**

**Ring, what's happening?**

**What ring? Who is this?**

**You are engaged in telepathic communication.**

Oh.

**Who was that?**

I want to go to wherever the person I'm talking to is.

The scenery shifts. I'm now facing a large dune, and just in front of me standing on the ground is... A young woman with long red hair and green skin.

Wait a minute! That's M'gann! The Martian girl from the Teen Titans comics!

14th April

My time.

"Hello, M'gann!"

She smiles at me, a little nervously. "Um, hi?"

Grin to wide beam.

SO great!

I lower myself to just above the ground, a short way in front of her.

"Are we..? Are we on Earth?"

I tilt my head to the side.

Are we? Probably. Earth is my default planet after all, and I haven't tried to change it. Even if I did, what I got would probably be similar to the environments I already know.

"Maybe? Do you want to be on Earth?"

She frowns. "How do you not know? You.. you're Human, aren't you?"

"Yes, yes I am."

She smiles. "I'm so glad. For a moment I thought one of my brothers was playing a trick on me again. 'Make M'gy dream she's on Earth then listen to her thoughts as she wakes up'. They can be so mean."

I wiggle my right index finger. "No no, you can't be dreaming. This is my dream."

She pulls her head back slightly, narrowing her eyes. "I.. don't.. think this is a dream."

"Well, obviously you'd say that."

She blinks. "I... I.. don't.. think-."

Something SLAMS into the base of the dune with tremendous force, sending up a plume of dust. M'gann struggles to keep her balance, so I float her into the air as I drift down to see what it was that just crashed.

Things were getting a bit slow. Good work, brain!

A figure materialises out of the settling dust. He's crouched on all fours. Pale skin, blue eyes, black t-shirt with a Superman type 'S' logo. Blue cargo trousers.

That's Superboy. Am I going to get visited by that whole Teen Titans line-up?

Best subconscious ever!

"Um, I can fly by myself."

What? Oh, right. I release her and she floats right over to her team mate.

"I've seen that symbol. Is he..? Are you.. Superman?"

Huh?

Superboy stands, pulls his t-shirt up so he can see the 'S'. Uum, his chest isn't so bad either. "Yyyyaaaaaagghhh!" Then he rips the t-shirt apart with a bellow of rage!

What's up with him?

He lunges for M'gann, arms outstretched. She gasps and dodges, flying swiftly to the side and leaving him diving into the earth. Another surge from the Kryptonian, and this time he narrowly misses punching her as she goes for height. I can just about hear him growling as he watches her move away.

Why doesn't he fly after her? Superboy was always able to fly, right? And by this stage, since he isn't physically a child, shouldn't he have heat vision?

I drop down to his level, leaving me enough space to evade if needed. I've never felt pain in a dream before, but this dream has unusually high definition and I don't want to have to wake myself up because my arms got ripped off.

"Superboy?"

He orientates on me, crouching slightly, arms to the side.

"Kon-El? Conner Kent? What's up?"

"Aghaarh!"

Another lunge. Hah!

I skip to the side as he slams into my giant spring construct. Thank you, Sonic the Hedgehog Two. One priceless moment of confusion as he compresses it, and he's sent flying into the distance.

"And there goes the Id representation."

Something occurs to me. I haven't seen him in any television adaptation. I know him only from the comics, and then only really from Teen Titans. So:

"Why wasn't he wearing jeans? He always wears jeans."

M'gann drops back down to my level. "Was that..? Was that Superman?"

"No, that was Superboy."

"Superman has a son?"

"Kind of. He's basically a modified clone. Half Kryptonian, and half Human."

"Is that possible?"

"In a dream, yes. In a comic, certainly. In reality?" I shake my head. "Nnnnoo."

"This... This is reality."

I wiggle my index finger again. "No it isn't. In reality, you can't mix genes from two unrelated multicellular species together and get a functional life form. In reality, power rings don't exist." I open my left palm and point to the fat scowling boy symbol. "In reality, Mars is entirely uninhabited. I mean, what language are you hearing me speak?"

"... Ca'andran."

"Well, there you go. I don't speak Ca'andran. Watch my lips, I'm not making the right shapes for the words."

She peers at me.

I enunciate: "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."

"That's... You're not. But, telepathy, maybe? I.. I can translate speech by connecting to the language centres of your brain."

"Telepathy's not real. Even in the DCU, there's maybe a handful of telepathic Humans in existence. Am I touching your brain?"

"W-? No."

"And you're not touching mine." I throw up my arms. "Dream logic! Narrative convenience!"

"Your power ring! The ring's translating!"

I stretch my neck out toward her. "Haooooow? Even if it had a database of the two languages, it wouldn't get the grammar in real time, would it? And there's no orange glow."

She sighs.

"This isn't helping. Do you know where we are?"

I'll play along. "Ring, where are we?"

"You are presently located in the Bialyan Desert, in the country of Bialya. On Earth."

"See!" I point at the ring again. "That's a made up country!"

Alone in a desert with an attractive alien woman.

It seems that M'gann's knowledge of Middle Eastern geography is not sufficiently advanced to argue the point. Come to think of it, I'm not sure that, given national outlines and a list of names, I'd get them all right. I mean, I'd get Syria and Saudi Arabia, the obvious ones, but I'm not sure I could point to Turkmenistan reliably.

But I know that I've heard of Bialya in the comics. Can't remember which one, or when, but I'm sure it was there. And I'm sure that I've heard all of the names of the real Middle Eastern countries at some point.

Agh, no, I'm not looking at this the right way. This is basically an argument with myself. And while precisely narrowing down a fictional fact is reasonably interesting to me, I can sort it out with a Wikipedia search tomorrow.

"Got any plans for the rest of the evening?"

M'gann's airborne, looking in the direction Superboy blasted off into. She turns around. "Huh?"

"We're young, we're attractive, we're in the middle of nowhere. What do you want to do?"

"Shouldn't.. we go after him?"

"He didn't look like he was in the mood for company."

She frowns, thinking. "How do you know him? Come to think of it, how do you know my name?"

"This is my dream. I know everyone here."

"This isn't..! Uh." She turns away again.

I make a lazy circuit of her, slowly taking her in. She ignores me, talking to herself.

"If we're on Earth, I should try to contact Uncle J'onn. My parents will be worried. Well, once they realise I'm gone, anyway." She notices that I'm in front of her. "How did you get here?"

"Normally I get into a dream-."

She holds up her right hand. "Can you just, just pretend that it's not a dream. For now. Where were you before you came here?"

"Over that way." I point back the way I came.

"And before that?"

I shrug. "Nowhere. I woke... I became aware of my environment, lying on the sand. Flew around for a bit, heard you, came here."

She appears to consider this. I circle closer, dipping down behind her before rising from her left to her front. My face is level with hers, about forty centimetres away.

"You know, I didn't used to see the appeal of skin tight costumes. Too impractical. No armour. But that arse has converted me."

She starts, blushing. "W-what?"

"What?" I shrug. "I know DC Martians don't actually look like-" I make an upwards gesture with both hands, palms up. "-that. Clearly you gave Human aesthetics some thought before creating your current shape. Speaking as a Human, it's.. nice. Curvy without being flabby, you've resisted the temptation to make the proportions ridiculous. Hair's good for a species that's naturally bald... Face is cute rather than stunning, but-" I wave my right index finger at her. "-I think that works for you."

"Um." She floats back slightly, eyes down and off to the side. I follow at a slightly slower rate. "Thanks... I, I think."

I smile. "You're most welcome."

I suppose she wouldn't appreciate my own Lamian beauty. Martian aesthetic ideas must be rather different to Human ones, given their protean nature.

Hmm. If the dream is allowing me to hear her words from a distance, can I merge concepts? Can I transmit more complex ideas?

**[I run my right index finger up her throat to her chin, gently applying pressure to encourage her to look directly at me.]**

She starts again, looking at me. "I thought you said you aren't telepathic."

"I'm not. The idea that your ability can work that way just seemed... Obvious." I point my index fingers toward each other at my chest, moving them in circles without them touching. "Don't.. Martians..."

"Well, yes, but.. but not..." She's blushing up a storm now. Adorable. "That's something we only really do with, um people, who we're..." Her hands go to her mouth. "You don't think we're..?"

I raise my right index finger, and shake my head. "Mn. Question is; do you want to be?"

**[My arms around her chest, under her breasts. My bare chest pressed against her naked back. My face nuzzling her neck. Her giggles like silver bells.]**

She thrusts her hands forward, her eyes white. I feel a strong pushing force at my chest. I allow it to propel me backwards.

"This is not that sort of dream!"

"Apparently." I frown. "I'm usually awake and changing my trousers by this stage." I face shrug. "Ahh, I suppose that would be a waste of an opportunity anyway. What would you like to do instead?"

15th April

Getting boring now.

"You really don't remember him?"

"I'm pretty sure I'd remember coming to Earth, and joining a superhero team."

"But you're on Earth now and you don't remember it."

"I know. I don't know why."

We're flying over the desert with no particular direction in mind. Apparently, I've generated a version of M'gann from before she joined the Titans. Or I just don't know enough about her backstory to fill in the gaps. As far as I remember she just sort of turned up after that One Year Later thing, and the Titans met up with her while investigating... something. I remember them visiting her in Australia, but I don't remember much else.

Dawn was a while ago, and we both took time to marvel and the changing colours of the desert. Apart from that -and I'll admit, it was well worth seeing- things have been getting dull since Superboy learned to fly.

Oh, no, I do remember something else; I remember that she's a White Martian. But this version seems to have the ruthless aggression aspect thoroughly under control. She's actually pretty passive.

And then she's not there any more. I stop in the air and look around. Oh, she stopped first.

"Perhaps if I concentrate, and can force myself to remember."

"Context reinstatement, that sort of thing?"

"Martian mental exercises are a bit more complicated than that, but, yeah."

"Sounds boring. Since I know who all your team mates are, why don't I just scan for them?"

"Uuhm..."

She actually puts her right index finger to her lips. I don't remember her being this cute in the comics. Don't remember her wearing a black costume either. I think I prefer this.

"I.. suppose... I mean, if they're here, they'll probably know what happened, right? And I can always meditate later if they aren't here."

Right. Who was in the team with M'gann? I think I can write off Superboy as a lost cause. If that's the version of him my mind spawned I doubt that I'll be able to get it to create another. Hmm. Robin? No. I think of Richard Grayson as Robin, and she was in the team with Tim Drake. The dissonance might wake me up.

"Ring, locate Wonder Girl."

"Wonder Girl not found"

Eh? I know that there's at least two of them, but why couldn't it find either? Maybe that's the problem? Right, who on M'gann's team was unique.

...

Mia... thingy? Harper? I know she was Speedy two, but maybe if I just ask for her by name?

"Ring, locate Mia Harper."

"There are no individuals by that name in the local area."

M'gann's starting to look uncertain. "Maybe I should-"

"No. No, I'm gunna get this."

"Ring, locate Rose Wilson."

"There are no individuals by that name in the local area."

"Ring, locate Impulse."

"Impulse not found."

No, that's right, he changed his name after that thing with Deathstroke's son.

"Ring, locate Kid Flash."

Bit of a chance, but-.

"Kid Flash located."

"Hahah!"

Triumph. Oh, no, better not think about him, that sort of mess is the last thing I need.

"Where?"

And I know. I'm getting feedback from my dream about the state of my dream? Weird. Maybe above a certain degree of complexity that's the only way to interact with it? It's not like I'm keeping track of every grain of sand.

"Okay!" I make an upwards waving motion with my left hand and an orange bubble forms around us.

"Um..?"

"It'll be faster. Ring, take us there."

The scenery shifts. Sand is replaced by rock. Empty desert by Bart Allen and... A blonde woman in a green costume, carrying a bow. No, not Mia Harper. Wrong costume for Arrowette. Um. Um?

I tilt my head to the side. "Who are you?"

"Oh C'eridyall."

M'gann's dropped to her knees at the bottom of the bubble. Her hands are over her mouth. Oh dear.

I drop her out of the bubble. She falls about a metre to the ground, and is heartily sick.

Bart looks at me, then at M'gann. "Aaaaaaahh. Could you explain who you are, and why Martian Manhunter's a girl now?"

"Does she look anything like Martian Manhunter?"

He looks at her. She's stopped puking, and is wiping her mouth and shakily rising to her feet. He looks back to me. "Martian Manhunter's a shapeshifter."

"Exactly! Can you think of one good reason why he'd alter his humanoid form to that of a slightly smaller woman? I mean, it clearly won't be much use as a disguise. There's no practical benefit."

His head tilts to the side a little.

"Huh. I suppose you've-."

The blonde woman looks at him, then at me, then gestures emphatically at something behind me. "Tanks!"

I blink. "You're welcome?"

Busy!

Douh!

Arg!

Uhh!

hElLo RoCk...

I'm pinned... No, hang on. I've made an impression in the cliff face. Something hit me from behind. My bubble shield is... yes? Gone.

Still doesn't hurt.

I push myself out of the rock, and fall down onto the ground on my back. "Ring, status report?"

"You have no serious injuries. You are slightly dazed. Another tank shell would most likely be fatal."

"Undaze, please."

"Compliance."

And everything's back in focus. I roll onto my front, rise to a sprinter's start, and try and work out what's going on.

Rock formations form a sort of channel on either side, and at the far end? Tanks. Four of them, forming a 'U' shape. Second from the left has some sort of burns around the right side of it's turret, but there's no serious damage. If Warhammer 40,000 second edition taught me anything it's that you should go for the tracks, not the turret. An immobilised tank in the middle of the desert would be no threat to anyone.

Bart and the girl with the bow are in cover behind a rock formation. No tanker with any sense is going to want to close to that sort of distance with infantry, but then they don't really need to. The tank on the far right fires, and gouges a chunk out of the cliff near them. M'gann's in the air, and as the tank second from the right fires she brings her arms together. The shell detonates in mid air, but the force of the detonation knocks her flying.

This isn't like...

...

I'm starting to get the feeling that this may be real.

"Ring, is this actually happening?"

"Your senses and cognitive functions are unimpaired."

The tank's pintle gunners try to hit M'gann as she swoops across their formation. Arrow girl breaks cover and launches an arrow in an arc high into the air. After it passes M'gann it explodes into a cloud of dense smoke.

But...

Think it through, think it through. If this is real, then I have a power ring. I should help. Heck, maybe I'm one of her team mates. If it isn't, then I don't lose anything, and if it is some sort of hallucination I can't imagine that anything I'm doing would help me get out of it.

So, how do I-

The tracks. Right.

Flight.

Dust and sand blow away in my wake as I zoom along the ground, heading for the far right tank. The guy sticking out of the turret spots me and points, trying to get the attention of someone. The next guy in the line? The main gun begins to traverse.

Ring, calculate shell flight path and evade.

I hug the deck, aileron roll, and then I'm pulled aside as the cannon fires and misses. The pintle gunner fires too, but the angle's bad and he's having trouble following my jinking movements.

Ow!

I spin out of control for a moment, bouncing off the ground and getting a face full of grit before resuming my forwards travel.

Ring, what?

One hit to the back of left shoulder by Degtyaryov-Shpagin 12.7 by 108mm calibre machine gun. Impact absorbed by environmental shielding. Warning; at current avarice levels environmental shield is not capable of resisting sustained fire.

Arc barrier.

An orange rectangular panel appears ahead of my head, just big enough to block all possible fire arcs from the only tank firing at me. The larger surface area means that I watch several bullets bounce off it while others throw up puffs of sand.

Faster.

Then I'm past them and their rear armour's mine.

Circular saws.

I flick my index fingers forwards and the spinning blades fly into the rear of the tracks. They cut, bounce, scream and flicker.

Cut, damn it!

The noise drops as the blades slide through the steel, then on through the wheels at the side and then the track at the front.

O-kay then.

The tanks at the rear of the formation can't risk fratricide by firing their main guns, but they're reorientating their pintle weapons in my direction. The orange arc barrier extends.

Move.

Who deploys tanks like this without infantry support?

The second tank is closer to me than the first one was. The barrier shield extends around my rear as the tank who's tracks I just sliced opens fire again with its machine gun, and then I'm behind target two.

Cut!

This time I swing a single larger disc blade from left to right. It slices through the steel with little difficulty. There aren't even that many sparks.

I hear bullets of a different calibre hit my shield. Looking up, I see that the tank commander has clambered out of the turret and is shooting me with his sidearm.

Ring, knock him out.

An orange line hits him in the forehead and for a second an orange circlet appears on his head. Then he collapses bonelessly to the armoured surface of the turret and then slides off onto the ground.

That's going to hurt.

Out of enemy line of sight? What's everyone else doing?

The ring replays events in my mind. M'gann going high over the tanks, above their maximum elevation as whatsherface with the bow lays down more cover in the middle of the tank formation. She reaches her hands down, and the people manning the pintle weapons of the tanks on the left rise into the air and are sent flying into each other with a grunt. Straining, she makes an upward pulling gesture and the barrels of the main cannons bend into uselessness.

Not a bad idea, that.

I rise up behind my cover tank, my right index finger pointing at its barrel and my left targeting the barrel of the one I just left, now rotated to face me.

"BLAZING ORANGE BOLT!"

Two beams of orange the width of my entire hands flare out from me. The barrel of the closest tank is cleaved clean through, and a groove gouged into the tank's front armour. The barrel of the further tank is severed at the base, with the beam carrying on through the turret armour and out the other side. The guy manning the machine gun takes cover and slams down the hatch.

"Warning; low power."

Then I fall to the ground.

Like I have time to find out!

The body of the enthusiastic tank commander breaks my fall. I decide that keeping my head down is a good idea, crouching down behind the tank.

"When you say low..."

"Ten percent power remaining. As per standing orders nonessential ring functions are now triggered by direct request only. High expenditure abilities not recommended."

I check, but the tank guy's still breathing.

No high expenditure, right. I'm guessing big orange beams are high expenditure? Is soaking bullets high expenditure? Why'd I ask for a suit instead of armour? I don't even know where my lantern is.

I edge around the corner of the defeated tank to look at the rear one of the two that M'gann took on. Their turret traverses left and right a little. They're not going to try firing it, are they? No, it seems they're not; they and their wingman are bravely advancing to the rear instead. I hear a sort of clang from over to my left, and shuffle along to the other side of my cover just in time to watch my first victim try to retreat as well, and fail as their entire track system comes apart.

Then the one I'm leaning against starts to rumble.

Uh oh.

How far back can it go before the tracks come off? Half a revolution?

I grab the tanker commander and lunge out of the way just as the tank follows through on its rumbled threats and I get a ringside seat at watching it drive out of its own tracks and grind to a halt.

I drop the tanker.

I think we're done here.

**We won!**

M'gann's voice inside my head.

I take a look at the tanker's uniform. There's writing. It might be Arabic, but it looks like the ring's translator is 'nonessential' and I've got no idea what it says. There's a flag, but I can't identify it.

**Okay, this is weird.**

Oh, you have no idea.

Bart doesn't sound like I thought he would. Has he not used team telepathy before?

What can I contribute? **Should we be.. going somewhere, away from here? These tanks probably have radios.**

**Right. Everyone head back this way.**

Bart's probably got most experience at this point in his life so I'm inclined to let him take the lead. But best to check.

**M'gann? I'm on low power. Is there anything in the immediate area that looks like it might wurragh!**

She dropped down right next to me, silently. I look her over. "You're looking.. better."

She looks at the fallen soldier. "He's not... dead, is he?"

"No, I just told the ring to knock him out." Ooh. "We should loot him."

"What?"

"We're in a desert, and I'm on low power."

I kneel down and start going through his pouches. Compass, map, notebook, water bottle, some sort of foil pack of something... Yep, I'll take that.

Hey, looks like this suit has decent pockets.

"I.. suppose. Doesn't he need it?"

"There'll be more in the tank, and they'll probably get resupplied inside an hour." I wave the water bottle at M'gann. "This, could be the difference between life an-."

She looks at it, and it's yanked from my hand. She catches it, takes a swig, rolls the water around her mouth and then spits it out. Then she does it again.

Ah.

"Sorry about the... sick... thing. I really didn't know the instant transfer thing did that."

"Don't mention it." She grimaces. "I mean it; really don't."

I hear the hatch open at the top. I put my right hand to my mouth. "We're still here! Carry on hiding!"

The hatch clangs again, and I hear it lock.

I look over to the rocks where arrow girl has already rejoined Bart.

"Would you mind giving me a lift? I wasn't joking about low power, and I don't want to fly if I don't have to."

"I can probably manage you."

And I'm floating up into the air. Now I get why she wanted to fly herself when Superboy came visiting; it's pretty unnerving when someone else does this to you.

She leads the way, flying us both upwards and away from the tank, dragging me slightly behind her. I notice that the crew of my first target are starting to stick their heads out, and they duck back down as we pass. I also notice that whatever inertia control thing the ring was doing when I was flying earlier isn't happening now. I don't think I'm in danger of mirroring M'gann's performance, but the acceleration and heat are making me feel a little queasy.

Oh, the heat. Now I've got nothing else to focus on, I'm feeling it with a vengeance. Looks like my environmental shield's climate control is nonessential too, but I'm not going to risk overriding it until I know what's going on.

"So, this 'Kid Flash' is one of my team mates?"

"I think so. Look, I'm starting to think this, is actually happening."

She turns in the air, still moving toward our destination. Her hands go to her hips.

"Oh really?"

"Yes. Um, sorry. You're clearly not a dream. And since I've got a power ring, I'm starting to think that I might be a member of the team as well."

"Are you sure? I mean, you don't have a uniform."

"I woke up wearing pyjamas, then I switched to this suit. I think the ring stores my clothes, so.. if I have a costume it's probably in there."

"Shouldn't you put it on?"

"I think the suit makes me stand out enough. I don't want to waste ring power until I have a better idea about what's happening."

From here I've got a clear view of arrow girl and Bart. They're... What's the term? Talking animatedly. His body language suggests embarrassment.

Why is his uniform black? The only flash I remember with a black uniform was Wally West during his brief tenure with the Elite. And that death embodiment thing.

M'gann drops us down just in front of them. Arrow girl crosses her arms across her chest. An exposed midriff case. Along with the bow, it's making me seriously doubt her usefulness. Though, I suppose Bart didn't do anything in the fight just now.

"So." I clasp my hands in front of me with a clap. "Anyone have any idea what's going on?"

Bewildered, and a little scared.

Bart scratches the back of his head with his left hand.

"Beats me. Woke up in a shack at the end of the valley, waited for sleepy head here to wake up, been dodging those tanks since. Uh, you wouldn't have anything to eat, would you? My metabolism's really fast, and dodging tank shells isn't as easy as it sounds."

I fish the foil packet out of my pocket. There's a blur, and it's in his hand.

"Careful! Last time I opened one of those, it was a duck's... Foot..."

It wasn't a duck's foot. It was chocolate, and he inhaled it. Guess Bialyan tankers have better taste than Chinese university students.

"Thanks man. So, who are you guys?"

M'gann smiles, hands clasped in front of her. "My name's M'gann M'orzz and I'm very pleased to meet you."

I give a royal wave with my right hand. "And I'm-."

...

How'd I get down here?

The others have gathered around me.

Arrow girl crosses her arms again. "Oh great! A narcoleptic."

What?

"What?"

Ow...

I push myself up into a sitting position. "Right. Not.. sure what happened there. Um, hello, I'm-"

...

And I'm down again, apparently.

"Ow."

Arrow girl huffs. "Seriously?"

"Looks like I can't say my own name. That's.. weird."

Arrow girl looks at M'gann. "Who's this idiot?"

I answer. "Orange Lantern two eight one six. Or is it two eight one.. four. I can never remember. They must be close together, right?"

Bart looks sceptical. "Orange Lantern?"

I shift to a cross legged position, and open my left palm toward him. The ring is guttering.

"Power rings come in nine different colours. But since none of them erase memories I don't think it's really relevant."

M'gann looks pleased with herself. "So, you've given up on it being a dream then?"

I sag. "Yeah, that didn't really.. pan out."

Bart squints. "You thought this was a dream?"

"I woke up able to fly, met up with a gorgeous alien from a planet I know to be uninhabited, and then I fought main battle tanks with super heroes. Does that sound remotely realistic to you? Really?"

"Uh, yeah. That's, like, every week."

I cautiously rise to my feet. "Not where I'm from."

"How long have you had that ring?"

Oh, goodness, the heat.

"Gotta be five hours now. And I'm at ten percent power, so, y'know, don't expect much."

Arrow girl rolls her eyes. "I don't think anyone was."

"Two tanks to none, 16th century peasant girl. Sorry. Sorry, not peasant."

Defensive hands to pointing hands.

"Yeoman!"

Shrug hands.

"Yeowoman."

Pointing hands.

"Yeoperson? 16th century yeoperson girl!"

"Ugh!" She rage-grunts, then steps forwards towards me.

"O-kay." Bart steps between us, a hand toward each of our chests. "Not helping."

Right, right. Rational. Calm down.

I look down, and take a couple of deep breaths. Once I feel a little more steady, I make eye contact with the visibly fuming yeoperson.

"I'm sorry, that was uncalled for on my part. Orange Lantern is really the best I can do for a name." I hold out my right hand. "What's yours?"

I take her piercing gaze at full scowl for five very long seconds. Then, grudgingly, her eyes still fixed on mine, she takes my hand in hers. "Artemis."

"Oh! Are you an Amazon?"

Her hand is withdrawn, and her arms recross. "No."

There's an awkward moment of silence, before M'gann speaks up. "So, um, do you have memory loss as well?"

Bart nods. "Last thing I remember is doing chemistry homework. Then, boom, desert."

He looks at Artemis, who glares back, before realising that we're all looking at her for her answer. "I was.. shopping."

I answer next. "I was trying to get to sleep, but I think the important question is, when was this?"

A flicker of concern from Bart. "March third."

Artemis nods.

Aaaaaaah.

"Oh dear."

M'gann looks concerned. "What is it?"

"What year?"

"Two thousand ten."

Aaaaaaah ah ah ah...

My distress must be visible. M'gann puts a hand on my left shoulder.

Calm. I will remain calm.

"I.. thought that today was the fourteenth of April. Two thousand thirteen."

Bart reacts first. "What? That can't be right."

I put my right hand on top of M'gann's, trying to draw comfort from it. "I.. don't.. suppose any of us are wearing a watch?"

There's a moment of collective looking at each other.

Artemis' frustration causes her to speak first. "You can't tell the time with a power ring?!"

"Sure, easily, but that'll use battery power. How much do we really need to know right now?"

Bart shakes his head. "We can worry about what day it is later. Right now, we need to know why we're here."

"Um, I can.. help with that?" M'gann's actually raised her right hand a little. "If our memories are suppressed or damaged rather than totally gone, I might be able to reconstruct what happened to us. Together, our broken memories should be able to form a whole, if.. you open your minds to mine."

!Want!

"I want my memories back. And, Superboy looked like he doesn't remember-."

Bart holds up a hand. "Wait. Superwhatnow?"

"Superboy. The Superman clone?" Blank looks from Bart and Artemis. "If you only met him after.. err.. the third of March? You wouldn't remember."

"What happened to him?"

"M'gann and I tried talking to him, he went a bit berserk.. and.. then I.. fired him over the horizon with a giant orange spring."

Stares.

"I'll apologise next time I see him. Can we focus on getting our brains back?"

Bart smiles at M'gann. "My brain's all yours. Try not to let its brilliance overwhelm you."

Artemis does not look happy. "You're both okay with her just reading through our private thoughts?"

!Memories!

"Yes! Very much okay! I want, my mind back."

Too much? From the look Bart gives me, yes. Having my mind altered like this is freaking me out almost as much as the environment. I hope complete-me has a better handle on things.

M'gann releases my shoulder and takes a step towards Artemis, hands raised in a placatory gesture.

"I have no wish to intrude, but we've each clearly lost a substantial period of time, and the only way for us to get it back is to trust each other. I swear, I will only look at the parts of your memory that have been damaged."

She still doesn't look happy about it, but I think she wants to know what's happened nearly as much as I do.

Bart steps up alongside her. She starts for a moment, then gives a shallow nod.

M'gann's eyes go white.

I'm watching Batman stand in front of a relief map of the area we're currently standing in. The view flickers, both on and off and between four slightly different perspectives. I know one of the viewpoints is mine, and I assume that the others are those of my companions. At least we know that we're actually on a team now.

"The Watchtower detected an immense power surge in the Bialyan desert. Spectral analysis revealed elements non-terrestrial in origin."

I work for Batman?

"Find out what happened at that site, what landed there."

Superboy's standing at my left. Then, out of my field of vision. Then my right. Can telepathic visions make you motion sick? He's a lot better company when he's not berserking. In fact, I think I.. like him a great deal.

"Bialya is a rogue state, ruled by Queen Bee, and not a member of the League's UN charter. All communications are subject to interception. Maintain radio silence at all times. If it is absolutely essential to transmit a message, Orange Lantern can send it to one of the League's Green Lanterns."

I don't remember anything about Bialya from the comics, or from the reading I hope I did in preparation for this mission. I have missions? If this.. place, is real, I might need to share the 'this looks like a comic' thing with M'gann just to get my memories back.

The scene shifts. It's now night, and we're standing in the desert. No, they are. I'm in some sort of.. aircraft? The bioship. M'gann's alien spaceship thing. Superboy... No. Kon. I call him Kon. Kon is carrying some kind of machine on his back. A cuboid, perhaps 1.6 metres by 1.6 metres by 50 centimetres. Is that armour plating? Must weigh tonnes. And suddenly I can remember him lifting far heavier weights in the gym with me spotting for him. I walk down the ramp after him.

Another shift. I'm holding up a glowing orange image of the target area. Through the eyes of my team mates I see my costume. Looks like I had the sense to go for armour, and I think it's grey in colour. I'm deducting points from myself for the glowing insignia, however. On the diagram, circles flare around points of interest; guards and flak guns.

I see someone short... Robin! Our team has a Robin. That would be Tim Drake, wouldn't it? He leans forward to study the image.

"Looks like they're dug in."

"Set up here."

I don't see who says that, and the voice is unfamiliar. I should know it! No, remain calm. Just let it come, or accept that it'll take time.

Through someone else's eyes I see Kon set the machinery down, then turn a knob at one end. There's a hiss as two banks of computers extend from the side.

I think there's a significant timeskip, but it's hard to tell. I think the next image is from Bart's point of view, looking over Tim's shoulder as he works on one of the computer terminals.

"Jackpot! The site's lousy with zeta beam radiation."

The perspective shifts to... Artemis, I think. Robin turns from his work. "Detecting non-terrestrial trace elements from the tent."

M'gann steps forward. "I'll check it out in camouflage mode."

"Good idea. Go."

That voice again. I don't remember someone other than Tim being in charge of this Teen Titan's line up. Who the heck is it?

A new perspective. M'gann herself, I think. She's looking at Kon, but I can hear something. Sounds like a jet engine, but I can't see anything that could make that noise and none of the people in the image are reacting-.

It's not from the image.

**M'gann!**

M'gann gasps, then hurls us all back into cover against the rock as shots come from above. I hit the canyon wall hard with my right shoulder. Artemis staggered, before dropping into a crouch behind an outcrop. Bart goes flat on his back.

I look up and see M'gann go airborne. Bullets... Two sets of two parallel lines, moving along the canyon. Not infantry then, because we'd be doomed if it was. Not particularly good shots either, because we were very nearly sitting ducks.

Artemis puts a ridiculously unaerodynamic arrow on her bow and begins scanning for the target.

Right. I know I've got armour. I want to know what day this is. I want a backup weapon. On the off chance I've done what John Stewart did in that episode of Static Shock, I want my personal lantern if the ring's storing it, or at least to know where it is. A personal force field generator would be a good consolation prize. I need these things, and there won't be much point in preserving power if I'm shot dead.

"Ring, body armour."

For a moment the ring lights up, and I feel a sensation of added weight as the grey armour I saw in the telepathic session appears on my body.

Bart scrambles up once it's clear that there isn't immediately going to be another volley, and double takes at my armour as it appears.

I hold out my hands, palms upwards. "Ring, give me a sidearm and state time and date."

"It is eleven minutes past five p.m., local time. Today is the 4th of September, two thousand ten."

Three years ago? What? How? No, wait.. I'm starting to remember things. I remember standing on the moon, staring at the Earth above me. I remember standing with my arms around Kon outside a school. I remember sitting on the roof of a restaurant, eating a burger wrapped in greaseproof paper while Guy Gardner floats in front of me, recounting some sort of story from his brief career as a professional American Football player. There's continuity here. I've been doing things here. I'm supposed to be here. I haven't got everything back yet, but it's coming together.

A thing materialises in my hand. Looks a bit like a crossbow with.. bits? Stuck on.

Artemis looked round when the ring stated the time, and she's now staring at the crossbow. This is rather undermining my anti-bent-sticks-that-fire-pointy-sticks position.

"Ring, better gun."

Another flare, and the crossbow is replaced by a pistol. It looks a bit like a neural shredder from Warhammer 40,000, except that the glowy bit is red rather than green.

Better indeed.

I crouch, hold the pistol with my right hand on the grip and my left supporting the barrel. I feel something.. ah, there's knobs on the side. Range and intensity? No idea. Lets try fifty metres and 'low'. I'm trying to make connections, but I really can't remember anything about using this gun. Still, the basic principles should be fairly straight forward, right? Point the barrel at the thing you want to shoot, pull the trigger.

High in the air over to the right, there's an explosion. M'gann's fighting, and the rest of us are as useful as soap made of poo. I strain my eyes looking in that direction, bringing my pistol up while I try to find a target. Artemis has also orientated in that direction while Bart is stuck spectating.

"Bart. Ug, Kid Flash?" He looks over. "I've probably got a spare pistol if you want it."

"Ah, no thanks. Not really a fan of guns."

Pff, superheroes. No, hang on. I can remember an episode of Justice League where the Flash was able to hurl rocks at super speed as a ranged attack. Maybe that's what he's planning to do?

I can hear the sound behind us, over to the left. I turn and try to orientate on it, but the rock walls block it. Sounds like.. something coming in very fast? And out of control.

THUMP.

I think it just hit the ground at the top of the canyon wall.

THUMP.

Again, closer.

THUMP THUMP THUMP.

A burning combat drone pinwheels over the lip of the valley, spinning around as it drops straight towards us!

I push away from the probable impact site with my legs, going down on my back.

Not good enough! The narrowness of this part of the valley works against me as the out of control drone spins, bounces off the wall on the opposite side and is deflected back directly towards me!

Ah!

An orange barrier forms directly in front of me, affording me an excellent view of the crashing vehicle while not guaranteeing protection. As I watch it coming for me I have time to calculate exactly it's path. It's left wing is going to crush the right side of my chest.

It's nose hits the barrier. It bounces, spinning. The shield breaks as it comes back down, it's wing scything toward me.

It stops, centimetres from my ribcage.

I stare at it as I floats in the air. I can see the sand abrasions from where it hit the ground. Burns and distortions where something was ripped off the underside of the fuselage. I can see the writing along the seams, and a copy of the flag that the tanker was wearing.

Then I scramble backwards on my arse, pistol still clenched to my chest with both hands. When I hit the rock behind me I use it to slide myself upright.

"Are you alright?"

M'gann's floating just behind the drone, hands outstretched toward it. She gestures, and the drone moves aside and drops to the ground.

Oh, she was talking to me.

"Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine."

Breathe. Breathe.

Bart steps towards M'gann. "That all of them?"

"I think so."

She lowers herself to the ground.

Pistol. The pistol. You're holding it wrongly. How do I... Shooting gallery. I remember a shooting gallery. Happy to have something safe to think about it, I correct my stance, and switch the pistol to 'no power'.

Bart nods.

"Good job. We should probably get somewhere safe before trying that again. Everyone else remember why we're here?"

Artemis nods, relaxing her string. "Finding out what the Bialyans are up to."

Something. There's something...

!Kon!

He's.. only been out of that pod for a couple of months. No wonder he went berserk. I make eye contact with M'gann.

"Kon. Superboy. We need to find him. His memory's going to be completely blank."

Her eyes go wide. "But he could be anywhere!"

Ring.

A map appears in front of me, and the others congregate around it. "We're here." The map pulls out. "He's here."

Bart nods. "I'll get him. Back in a sec."

Bad idea.

"Wait! How exactly are you going to pick up a berserk Kryptonian?"

All eyes on Bart. "Ah..."

M'gann looks back at the map. "I'll get him. I can transfer what we've already remembered to his mind. Hopefully it'll be enough for him to recognise me."

I don't have a better idea, and I'm in no position to assist.

"Warning; low power. Nine percent remaining."

What can I do?

As M'gann takes off I fish out the tankers notebook. "Either of you read Arabic?"

4th September
17:16 GMT +3

M'gann's been gone a couple of minutes. Given that she can fly and be invisible, sending anyone with her would have been a bad idea. We've relocated further down the valley and hunkered down. Artemis is flipping through the notebook, and keeping an eye out for any Bialyan military units. I'm not sure why they used those drones for an attack run rather than just keeping us under observation. Seems like they'd be better served by knowing where we are, and organising an ambush with other units.

Maybe it was a misclick?

After a moment I realise that I should probably say something. I still don't remember exactly what my relationship with Bart is like, but I certainly don't feel any hostility toward him. "So, uh, how long have you been doing this?"

"About two years. Haven't been this far from Central City before, though. You remembered how long you've had your ring yet?"

"Not really. I seem to remember spending some time with Lantern Gardner, but exactly when I got it? No."

"Don't take this the wrong way, but you don't seem to have been in a lot of fights before."

"I haven't been in any. Well, no, I'm starting to remember that I have since joining this team, but before that? None, not with people who were seriously trying to injure me."

"What's with the gun?"

"I'm not sure, but I think it's there as a backup weapon in case something happens to the ring." I shrug. "Like.. running out of power while on a mission, I suppose. Thing is, I seem to remember practising with a projectile pistol, and not with this. Logically, you'd think that I'd practise with the thing I intended to use."

"Why don't you just, y'know, recharge?"

"Ring, state location of personal lantern."

"Personal lantern is located at Mount Justice, Happy Harbor."

"The Justice League's original headquarters! Think that's where our base is?"

"Maybe? There was a certain.. mountainy quality to the room in those memories."

He thinks for a moment. "Why don't you just bring it with you?"

I shrug. "I don't remember. Maybe it was because I was worried about it being destroyed? I don't know exactly how tough personal lanterns are, but I seem to remember that they explode very enthusiastically when they're damaged."

I only remember seeing it during Blackest Night, when an Alpha Lantern is killed by Black Lanterns.

"What about leaving it on that.. Martian ship-thing?"

"That would probably have been a good idea, but we don't know where that is at present."

"I think I remember it being on the Qurac border."

"Why did we leave it there? It's invisible, isn't it?"

"May..be.. they've got something that can detect it?"

"I seem to remember that power rings can prevent other forms of detection."

Did I really shoot Ra's al Ghul in the head? I mean, sure, there's plenty of supervillains who could profitably be shot in the head, but I don't think I'd get away with it. Particularly not if I'd bonded with people, and their disapproval would matter to me.

"Yeah, 'bout that. What'd you use all that power on?"

I just about stop myself from turning my head south east. I don't think you can see it from here...

!Lie!

"I'm.. not completely sure. I think those beams I used on the tanks were a bit overpowered, and I may have used some to try to keep my memories in one piece. The only reason haven't tried to use the ring to reassemble them now is that I've no idea how much power that would take."

"Still seems like a lot of power. I remember the Flash telling me about when Green Lantern fought the Invincible Destroyer, hitting him, shielding civilians, that sorta thing. Lasted two hours, and he didn't need to recharge once."

"I might have been mucking about with it a bit. I did think I was dreaming at the time."

That's sort of true.

"Yeah, lot's of people think they're dreaming when they meet me. Usually it's girls, though."

"You're not my type. And, um, actually? I come from a parallel universe. You don't exist there, and neither do power rings. That's why I thought it was a dream."

He looks a little puzzled. "Huh."

"Can I assume that visitors from parallel universes aren't common here?"

"J... No. They're not. Are they where you're from?"

"No."

He leans back against a rock, looking down the valley. It takes me a moment to realise that he's looking at Artemis. "You and M'gann seemed pretty close."

"Yes. I think we've been.. living together, in the mountain? Also, I tried hitting on her earlier, while I thought this was a dream."

"How'd that go?"

Oh dear. "I came on rather strongly. I mean, I thought she was literally my dream woman."

His eyes swing around. "How.. strongly are we talking here?"

"Oh no no. Not like that. I mean, once I realised that it wasn't just happening, I backed off. Still, I mean, she's a friend, and we work together. I like her, but if I was going to, you know, go after her, I'd handle it differently."

I remember her true form, resting my forehead against hers and trying to reassure her. Yes, very differently.

"If I was dreaming, I think I'd pick a better location."

I raise an eyebrow. "Desert at night? That's pretty romantic, isn't it?"

"I woke up in a hut next to Arrow Girl. She took one look at me, freaked, and said that her father probably sent her to kill me."

"Yeah, you wouldn't dream that, would you? If I'd met rampaging Superboy rather than Miss Martian, I'd probably have worked out what was going on faster."

I remember the school again, broken monkeys and breaking Kryptonian. I remember him smiling through his bruises after his first training session with Wonder Woman. I remember watching him lift weights...

"Or maybe not. I mean, heh, Orange Lantern Corps motto's 'I want it all'. If I was dreaming, maybe I wouldn't mind trying some Kryptonian beef with my greens."

The conversation with Bart rather trailed off.

**Are you there?**

M'gann? Oh, thank goodness.

**Did you get him? Is he alright?**

**Yes, he's here. He's dazed, but he should be okay. Are you in a safe place? Can I share what he remembers?**

**You've probably got better lines of sight than we have. Can you see anything?**

**There's vehicles at the other end of the valley. Nothing at your end. If they've called in reinforcements I guess they haven't got here yet.**

**Bart?**

No response.

**Kid Flash?**

Nothing from him.

**Kid Flash isn't called Bart.**

**He isn't?**

**No, he's called Wally. I think I must be out of range.**

**If you're out of range, how am I hearing you?**

**You seem to be very sensitive to telepathic communication. That's sort of why I, um...**

**[His forehead pressed against mine, his hands stroking my eye ridges. Reassurance.]**

Her perspective? Was I meant to see that?

**Let's... Let's leave worrying about that sort of thing until we've got our full memories back. I'll let the others know that you're coming.**

Wally..? Wallace West. Not Bart Allen. If that's the case, then I know less about where I am than I thought I did. Wait. I remember him telling me that only his gran and his geography teacher call him Wallace. Getting my memories of the team back might not be that difficult after all. Getting back the rest..? Well, is anything particularly interesting likely to have happened back home? Probably not, and if it did then it's unlikely to be relevant to me anymore.

"M'gann's got Superboy, and she's on her way back."

Artemis arches an eyebrow. Which are black, I notice. The bits of the notebook which weren't in code weren't very helpful. "And you know this, how?"

"Telepathy. Apparently I'm really sensitive to it."

Wallace looks around. "Did she say anything about seeing Robin?"

"No. Should she have?"

"You saw the memories. He's gotta still be out here."

"Yeah, but he's Robin. I'm sure he can take care of himself for a few hours. Did either of you recognise the other voice?"

Wallace shakes his head. Artemis' head bows slightly.

"Alright. Who might it have been?"

Wallace perks up. "Speedy?"

I think about it. I think I've had something to do with him, but I'm not getting the flow of memories I do from my other team mates.

"I don't.. think so. Anyone else?"

Artemis looks up. "Doesn't Wonder Woman have a sidekick?"

I remember being over the Mediterranean Sea, trying to grapple her with chain constructs. We're training. She dodges, and punches them aside faster than I can react.

"Yes. Me, apparently. If you're talking about Wonder Girl, I don't remember her being with us."

"Yeah, I'm with Oh El on this one. Pretty sure I'd remember someone as hot as her." Artemis regards him levelly. "Not.. that.. she's anything compared to you."

I feel.. something, at the back of my mind. Looking up, I see M'gann fly over the ridge with a slumped Kon in tow.

What possibles haven't we eliminated?

"Do we..? Is there an Aqua.. lad..?"

Even as I say it, the memories come flooding back. Myself, Kon, M'gann and him sitting in front of a large television watching an action film about a man dressed as a giraffe. An underwater training session where I had to learn to block invisible attacks that could come from any angle. Him punching me in the face when I tell him to in order to demonstrate the strength of my armour.

**Did everyone..?**

"Yeah." Wallace nods.

Artemis shakes her head to clear it. "If Kaldur's out in this heat... That's not good for a guy with gills."

M'gann lands. Kon slumps into a sitting position next to her, head cradled in his hands. I walk over and crouch down next to him. "You alright?"

He slowly raises his head, and then smiles when he sees me. "A giant spring?"

"Sorry."

I stand and offer him my hand. He takes it, and I help him to his feet. As he comes upright, he staggers slightly and stumbles into me. I reach out to steady him and misjudge, my hands going around his waist.

Um.

His shirt's still not there.

"Um, sorry." / "Er, sorry."

We both step backwards at the same time.

Ring, do I have a shirt for him?

A short pulse of orange light, and a new black t-shirt with a red 'S' covers his torso. He looks at it, then at me. I look at him.

Apparently, I have his clothes stored in the ring. What exactly..?

Artemis coughs.

Right. Right.

We turn to Wallace.

"We need to find Kaldur. Orange Lantern, can you scan for him?"

"Ring, where's Kaldur?"

Ooooh dear...

A Bialyan military encampment, apparently.

"Warning; low power. Eight percent remaining."

Even with an invisible telepathic flier on your side, negotiating a desert filled with enemy soldiers is not easy. Approaching the camp where Kaldur was being held simply wasn't an option until after nightfall. Making a virtue of necessity we used the time to return to the bioship, restock on arrows and food. Each of us also spent some time being ministered to by M'gann, trying to get our memories back. I think that I'm all here now, though of course the thing about memory loss is that you don't remember what you're missing. I still plan to get the ring to double check, later.

Anyway, that's how I remembered that the bastards have my cat.

I sent Teekl in with M'gann. She can fly, though she doesn't like doing it after that time she got distracted by a bird and fell off a cliff. That's also how I know they haven't killed her; she'd have respawned at the ring if they had. She'd threatened to go into Happy Harbour to find things to hunt unless I took her with us. I think that's what she was threatening; it was either that, or she was threatening to literally ingest the entire town, which I find unlikely. It's hard, but if I close my eyes and want to know hard enough, I can just about feel her location. She's in the same tent as Kaldur, but I get the impression that her movement is restricted by something.

None of us remember what happened after M'gann went scouting, but it seems likely that whatever wiped our memories did so from in there. Maybe the memories further back from that point are more accessible? Whatever happened, that's where they're holding Kaldur. No sign of Robin. There was a chance that he would have fallen back this way, but I doubt that he remembers enough to do so. Other places he could be include the scanner unit, and somewhere overlooking the camp.

And captured, of course. I suggested that I scan for him, but Wallace pointed out that we couldn't really rescue him faster than we were going to anyway. Something else I wasn't expecting: with Kaldur absent... I'm sort of in charge. A strange experience for me, considering that I can't effectively direct or support the others with no ring power. And I haven't actually practised team direction.

I had a go at transferring myself back to base for a recharge, but apparently the minimum charge for that is fourteen percent. I hadn't even realised that it had a minimum. I also tried and failed to contact the League's Green Lanterns. Wallace was most irate when he realised what I was doing, but I wasn't able to make a connection with any ring but Alan's anyway, and he wasn't wearing it. I'm going to need to go over that with Guy during our next session. Maybe there's a form of words I need to use? Or maybe the Greenies are just on a different circuit, I don't know.

Now under cover of darkness, we're returning. I'm reluctant to completely blow the stealth aspect of the mission again, but with tanks destroyed, team mate captured and... And that thing I did south east of here, I think that it's a bit late to really worry about it. M'gann's scouting ahead. Kon's super eyes can see into the infra red, so I've put him on rearguard duty. I'm a little ahead, on the grounds that with my environmental shield and body armour I'm probably the second toughest, and the fact that I can get night vision if I really need it. Peter Gambi told me this armour could take assault rifle fire. I'm hoping I don't have to find out, but if it's a choice between that and seeing if Artemis had bullet proof abdominals...

At least with so little power I'm not glowing.

**Computer in sight. I can see Robin!**

**Glad to hear it. Any Bialyan military units?**

**I can't see any, but-. Yes! They're hidden under the sand!**

**Kid Flash, Superboy, go.**

A dark blur passes by my left side, and I hear Kon launch himself off behind me. Artemis and I accelerate to a jog, and I turn my pistol to low power.

**M'gann. How many?**

**Four immediately next to the computer. Another ten nearby. They're attacking!**

**Don't add Robin to the network, it'll just confuse him. Assist in whatever way you can. Artemis and I will join you as we get there.**

Trying to run faster will just get me bogged down in the sand. My ring granted athleticism means I can do this without getting totally knackered, and it doesn't look like Artemis is having any trouble keeping up. Really, we just need a good line of sight from the top of one of these dunes for her to loose her bolas arrows from. I could fire to disable with my pistol, but I never tested it against Human type targets and I'm not sure of the cut off point between agonising burns and cauterised limb stump.

We make it to the top, but we still can't see them from here and so we keep going. I blink a moment of night vision, and can't see any obstacles. For a moment I consider trying to reach out to M'gann to see what's going on, but I don't want to risk distracting either of us. I can hear automatic rifle fire, along with harsh grunts and shouting in a language I assume to be Arabic. Artemis puts an arrow to string as we get to the bottom of that dune and start up the next. I'm glad deserts get so cold at night, otherwise I'd be sweating like a pig.

Move!

I stumble as the sand gives more than I expect it to under my left foot, and she's past me and heading to the top. As I right myself and resume my ascent she crests the rise, aims, and looses. As I reach a level at which I can see beyond the dune, she lowers her bow.

Looking down, I see that all of the Bialyan soldiers are down. Robin and Wallace are walking towards each other at the bottom of the flat area in which we put the computer. Kon is picking up the downed soldiers -a flicker of night vision doesn't show any serious injuries- and binding their wrists and ankles. M'gann's floating over...

**M'gann, in future, please remain invisible until the perimeter is confirmed as secure.**

Her right hand goes to her mouth. **Sorry. Um, I can't sense any more minds.**

**And they'd probably have activated robots if they had any. Okay, I think we're good.**

I follow Artemis down the slope.

"KF! Man it's good to see a familiar face."

Robin and Wallace clasp hands. With my memories back I realise that this is Richard Grayson. I wonder how that will affect the timeline relating to other events I'm familiar with? We've got an Aqualad, and Garth didn't want the job. Donna can't spare the time and Speedy thought the suggestion that he should join anything other than the League itself was insulting. I don't remember anyone else being on the Titans starting line up, but M'gann and Superboy should only be joining much later. No Cyborg, Raven, Starfire or Changeling at all.

"Hey Rob. Memory loss?"

"Six months! Let's finish hogtying these creeps and compare notes."

I halt at the bottom of the dune. "Good evening Robin. Everyone, if we could avoid clustering up? That would be great."

He turns his head to look at me. "And you are?"

"Orange Lantern two eight one four." I can feel him preparing to make a smart comment. "Whatever you're thinking, you've probably already said it and forgotten about it. Miss Martian has been able to restore our memories to the rest of us. Do you have any objection to her repeating the process on you?"

"Ah. Miss..?" I point upwards to M'gann. "Oh, tch, right." He smiles at her as she descends. "Go ahead."

I watch them long enough to make sure that there aren't any problems, then walk over to the computer. I don't remember mirroring it's scanning with the ring, and we might not be able to take it with us when we go.

Our data.

"Ring, copy of all data, then fry all sensitive components."

The ring chimes, then an orange strobe flashes out and I hear a series of popping noises. Thin plumes of acrid black smoke drift out of the exposed components.

Artemis and Kon have finished with the prisoners. Queen Bee supposedly uses some sort of mind control on those who associate with her. Wasabi Islam is much less prevalent here than back home, but the area's still fairly patriarchal. And not just in a no-heads-of-state kind of way, thank you Wonder Woman. If she's used her ability on these soldiers, I might be able to read the physiological changes with the ring. I don't know how much power that would take, and it's quite possible none of them have met her personally. Or were important enough to be worth controlling.

"Artemis, which of these guys is in charge?"

She glances at me, then pulls out a torch and examines their uniforms. "They're Desert Lions. Elite unit. This guy-" She points at one. "-is a sergeant. The officer's probably at the base."

"Any chance he's met Queen Bee?"

She turns off the torch and shrugs. "Maybe. Depends how important this place is to her. Wouldn't count on it, though. Why?"

"Wondering if I can find out how she influences people. But, with this little power, it just isn't worth chancing it."

Robin's back to full functionality and we've moved up to a rock formation near the encampment. I've got an orange diagram of the place, and the others are clustered around. One main tent. No soldiers inside, though several are on guard outside. Through Teekl's eyes -once the bloody Moggie could be persuaded to open them- I see five scientists, some sort of machine with a spherical unit on top, and Kaldur strapped to a platform.

Every so often, they turn a dial, the sphere spins, and Kaldur gets electrocuted.

He's tough, and I think that his tattoos give him electrical resistance, but we need to get in there. When we realised what they were doing to him I had to physically restrain Kon from just leaping in there.

Another tent appears to be serving as the barracks. A third smaller one as a command tent. There doesn't appear to be a mess tent... Maybe they haven't got around to unpacking it yet. There are five large military transportation trucks on the side furthest away from us, three heavy Jeep type vehicles and two platform mounted anti-aircraft missile batteries with attendant flatbeds. I checked, and neither contain anything I recognise as a gravity scanner. Maybe we could have brought the bioship in? No. Couldn't take the risk they could be switched to hit ground targets.

Twenty two soldiers in total. Artemis tells me that taking those we've already encountered into account, that's normal platoon strength for Desert Lions, and Robin agrees. The officer -a First Lieutenant according to Artemis- is in the command post, along with two other soldiers and some equipment. There doesn't seem to be any reaction to our fight with the group we fought earlier, but I haven't seen any armoured vehicles since those tanks. I don't know if they are all out on the search, or if there just aren't any more in the area. Troop movements near this border are considered to be of international concern, so maybe they didn't think they could risk it?

Also ensconced with the Lieutenant is Doctor Simon Jones, better known to my colleagues by his nom de felonie, Psimon. Guess that explains what happened to our memories. I still don't remember confronting him, so I've no idea how he got us or why we weren't all captured or killed. Information on exactly what he can do is somewhat sketchy, for obvious reasons. And the only thing I remember about him from the comics is that he died when the Joker shot him in the head during Salvation Run.

"Warning; low power. Seven percent remaining."

**Artemis, you and I will take the far side. I'll concentrate on destroying those vehicles to provide a distraction. I need you to watch my back, and watch out for Doctor Jones. He's wanted for violent offences everywhere he's ever been, so don't bother pulling your punches.**

**How are you planning on taking out the trucks with seven percent power?**

I look at her, hold up my pistol and turn the dial to 'high power'.

She nods.

**M'gann, once the guards move away, go invisible and head for Kaldur. Kon, you'll deal with the missile batteries. I don't want them firing. Try not to set them off.**

Two more nods.

**Wallace, you're our reserve. If you see something start to go wrong, intervene. Otherwise, just watch our backs. If anyone runs into Doctor Jones, do not mess about. He is very dangerous, and I don't think any of us want to lose another six months. Robin...**

Oh, for goodness sake.

Wallace winces. **Yeah, he does that.**

**Where's he gone this time? Robin!**

**Just providing a little extra distraction.** The ring shows his position, moving around the base in a clockwise direction.

**Fuck's sake... Artemis, with me.** I lead us anticlockwise at a jog. I'm not sure how important it is for me to avoid attracting attention at this point, so I err on the quiet side.

**M'gann, get up in the sky and relay any unexpected movements.**

**On it.**

I hit a level clear patch, and borrow her vision for a second. Everyone's still where we expected. Good. Ideally, a distraction should have the capacity to turn into a genuine attack, and in a situation like this destroying their trucks and communications would leave them stranded for a while. I was going to have Robin go after their comms and if possible their hard drives so we could find out what actually happened here, but he has to go and do his own fucking thing.

**Robin, if you can spare the time, could you possibly see your way clear to-.**

**Looks like I've broken radio silence!**

**Fifteen seconds. Explain.**

**I set up some smoke bombs to broadcast. They'll send a squad, then boom! Sleepytime.**

**You split the party. Again. Please do the rest of us the courtesy of discussing things like that in future. If you aren't too busy, your target is any and all intelligence sources.**

Artemis and I reach the end of our flank. There are two visible guards at the flattened end where the trucks presumably entered.

**Artemis, the far one, on three.**

I burrow an orange filament under the sand toward the closer.

**One, two,-** She notches a gas arrow. **-three.**

The construct surges up in front of my target and stuns him. Artemis' target takes the arrow in his chest, coughs twice, then falls. We're already in motion.

**Cross and go high. I'll stay on this side.**

As soon as I get far enough forward to get a clear shot, I activate OrangeVision to check for passengers, drop to a crouch, and put a beam of red energy into the engine of the closest lorry.

The cab crumbles. The place the beam hits vaporises in a perfect circle, and for a moment I can see the interior of the vehicle as it ploughs through the chassis before the fuel tanks explode, obliterating what's left of the front half.

I blink twice, and resist the impulse to stare at the gun. Not bad. Good job I left the OrangeVision up, or the flash might have blinded me.

**M'gann, go when ready.**

**Right.**

I hear shouts as I line up the next shot. I don't have such a good angle on the cab, but I can see the external fuel tanks attached to the underside. The pistol has almost no recoil, and I find aiming it simplicity itself.

The beam and the fuel explosion cleave the truck in twain, sending the cab bouncing forward before toppling over and spinning the trailer section around. It tips then rolls, spilling boxes onto the desert sands.

**Do I have their attention?**

I hear engines starting. I sight a Jeep, and turn the pistol to medium range. Should narrow the beam. Don't want to kill the guys inside, after all.

**Two Hummers heading this way, and about eight soldiers.**

I fire, slicing a line through the underside of the Jeep as it turns, cutting through at least two wheels and causing it to flip, slamming into the rear of another lorry. Not sure what happened to the guys inside.

**One Hummer, and three more soldiers.**

**Superboy, go. Can anyone see Psimon?**

There's a moments silence, and I hear a crash as Kon lands. I line up another shot at a supply lorry as the other Jeep tries to go hull down behind it.

**No one? Shit.**

I calculate the second Jeep's probable position, dial the pistol down to medium power and up to long range, and fire. The beam cuts through the lorry and the Jeep behind jerks to a halt. One of the soldiers jumps onto the back and swivels the roof mounted machine gun in my general direction. Two shots whiz past me.

**Artemis, roof gu-.** A bolas arrow takes out his legs, and he falls hard. **Thank you.**

**They're getting too close!**

**Understood. Flash arrow, then pull back.**

Ring, location of Doctor Jones.

Teekl see Bad Head Man.

**M'gann, Psimon's in-**

A sense of malevolent amusement. **Naughty naughty.**

Shit.

Artemis' flash arrow hits the camp entrance. Most of the guards are wearing night vision goggles. That must have hurt. I hear Artemis falling back, and rise to follow her. Bracing myself for the dash, I borrow Teekl's vision for a second.

Smug Bad Head Man stand in middle of room, staring into space. Strange Smell -M'gann- is visible only to the orange light. Coat Men panic as wind blows through the tent. Fish Man tied up. Metal box breaking.

I metaphorically cross my fingers, and follow Artemis at a dead run.

Teekl, assist M'gann.

I activate the radio on my belt. "Telepathic communication compromised. Complete objectives as assigned, then return to evacuation point. No chatter."

I need to try and find a low lethality back up weapon.

My OrangeVision is unaffected by Artemis' flash. The soldiers who were hit went prone, and their colleagues are being more cautious. Artemis and I should be able to get away. I can't hear Kon, so I'm going to assume that he's taken out the missiles and fallen back. He should be heading toward the border and the bioship. Artemis and I will continue on our current heading until we're sure that we've evaded pursuit, then head for a pick up point over the border in the other direction. From there, we can signal for pick up.

Through our link, I feel Teekl press her fore claws against the barrier containing her. There's resistance, but now that she's actually motivated she's pushing through. Teekie hasn't really jelled with any of my team mates yet, though she does seem to find it amusing to stare at Kon while he's trying to concentrate on anything. He told me that he's considering adding cats to his list alongside monkeys.

I hear gunfire behind me, faster and light automatic rifles along with the heavier machine guns. I can't risk making contact at this point, but I should be able to get away with a ring scan. I wait while until I find myself running on a level patch of sand.

Ring, one second view.

A flash in my mind, and I see everything. I found through experimentation that while my brain couldn't cope with processing everything continuously, with ring assistance I could cope with seeing everything for a brief time.

Kon's falling back at speed, his targets destroyed. Since he's our second best bioship pilot -just ahead of me- he can get it running if we need to change tack. Robin got too adventurous in the command post, but Wallace bailed him out and they're heading away as well. M'gann is floating in the centre of a miniature tornado along with Doctor Jones in the main tent. Teekl's draped herself over M'gann's shoulder, and appears to be nuzzling her. Kaldur's free, but seems to be stunned. The spherical unit on top of the machine appears to be broken, and the spherical object it contained is on the floor.

I hear the roar of an engine behind me. Are they guessing, or are they tracking us somehow? They can't be tracking radio. Can't be the ring. They wouldn't mess about if they had their own, and there's no way Earth technology can trace it. Heat is possible, but we're skirting the dunes. They shouldn't be getting a direct sight line to us. Is the pistol that hot? Subspace it, draw a new one, low power, long range. Noise? We're louder than the background, but not that loud and the echoes should make that method unreliable.

Another engine roar, as what should be the last Jeep continues pursuit. The Jeep I can take. So could Artemis, if what she said earlier about her explosive arrow was true. But the calculation becomes too complicated when I try to factor in the infantry. If they loaded it up, and jumped off when I first at their transport, I can't be sure that I could take them all down without lethal force and protect myself and Artemis. Even worse if they got a few shots off from the machine gun before the Jeep went down. Or if the second Jeep wasn't as badly damaged as I thought.

Could it be a drone? We're a bit stuck if it is. An orange or red beam would be an even better guide to our position, and I'd have to catch up with Artemis to get her to shoot it. Assuming it wasn't too high up, she's a good thirty metres ahead of me, and is mostly out of line of sight. A construct attack might work better, but that would light me up.

Ring, scan local area for aircraft.

Yep, drone with thermal imager. Perfect top down view. I don't suppose an EMP burst..? Hardened? Where'd they get the technology to do that to a drone? I could brute force it, but I don't want to spend the power. There must be a better way.

Warning; low power. Six percent remaining.

Alright. Giving away my position only matters if I have to stay there. I can't outrun the Jeep. I can probably outrun the soldiers as the ring is fuelling my body in place of my insufficiently effective lungs, but I doubt that Artemis can and neither of us can outrun bullets. If the drone's gone, does the Jeep matter? Yes, but only until we clear the immediate area, then it's blind and finding us is guesswork.

I'm coming up to some sort of rise, sand giving way to stone. It isn't that high, and Artemis is already reaching the top.

Think.

I can destroy the drone with the pistol. It's moving, but not fast enough to avoid a light speed attack. Then what? The soldiers will most likely continue on our most likely trajectory, which is more or less the one we're taking.

Would they stop to check their surroundings? Perhaps, perhaps not. But if they're going for speed at the moment, and I was under the sand...

How to let Artemis know? No. Don't. I can't carry it out until I reach her, and she needs to look like she was still moving until they lost the drone.

An image of Kon leaping comes to mind. That could work.

Drone perception, continuous.

I feel it's location.

ArcJump to Artemis.

I leave the ground. Rather than controlled flight, I'm hurtling into the air in the direction most likely to bring me into contact with Artemis. With the ring granting me extrasensory perception I can just about ignore the force of the wind and the sense of doom that comes from the certain knowledge that I will soon be falling. I close my water filled eyes, aim the pistol, and fire. It takes a second shot for me to hit the target, but then it's falling from the air. I open my eyes as I begin my descent. Artemis is off the rock already.

Adjust path.

A rough shove, and I'm aiming right for her.

The only useful thing to come out of my messing about earlier was learning exactly how easy burrowing through sand is with a power ring. You don't have to displace it, as transmuting it into a denser form is surprisingly easy.

I dial the pistol up to high power, and fire at the ground in the distance. Hopefully that will make them think we're over there.

Subspace it.

Artemis fast approaching, and things start happening a bit quickly. A slow command drops my speed from 'death-hurtle' to merely fast. I crash into her, grab on as she tenses to fight me off, extend my environmental shield around us as we fall and burrow before we hit the ground. A cocoon of dense crystal forms and is quickly covered by the surrounding sand.

"It's me. Stop stru-." She tries elbowing me, and strikes my armour. "They were using a drone to track us. I destroyed it. We're underground. They can't see us, and will probably drive right over us."

"And squash us!"

"I turned the sand to a dense crystal. It should be strong enough to take the weight."

"What about air!"

"We're both covered by my environmental shield. Oxygen provision costs very little power. My plan is, we wait here until they're well past us, then emerge and head to the border by a slightly different route."

She shifts slightly, becoming a little less tense. The small size of the space presses us together, and I'm somewhat relieved to note that my arm is across her abdomen and not elsewhere.

"Sorry I couldn't warn you, but radio and telepathy were compromised."

"Hfp. It's fine. How long do you want to wait?"

"I'll take a scan in fifteen minutes."

Artemis and I are sitting on a hill on the Saudi Arabian side of the Saudi/Bialya border. A few miles behind us the lights of the town of Ha'il are visible, and when the wind blows in the right direction I can hear the noise of cars and muffled voices. I reopened the crystal pod a few minutes after the Jeep had passed, and we proceeded cautiously towards our extraction point on a slightly different vector. I checked for pursuit at frequent intervals, but nothing appeared to supplement the Jeep and we were easily able to evade that.

I had thought Artemis' costume.. ill-considered, if not outright ridiculous. Once the ring's charge ran out with a sad 'Charge depleted' I began to envy it. I had Mister Gambi design my own armour on the principle that I'd be fighting with the ring active. I can walk in it fine and run short distances in it well enough, but it really isn't suitable for desert night hikes. Artemis' athletic physique and lighter gear meant that she had to make an effort not to outpace me.

Assuming the others made it out alright, we should be getting picked up before too long. To be honest, I'd sort of assumed that they'd be here by now. Another half hour and I'm going to suggest that we walk into town and try phoning for League assistance. What to do while we wait..?

"I've been wondering... What's with the bow?"

Her head turns to me. I'd just been staring into space. I think she was watching the border for lights which might indicate pursuit. I don't think that Bialya would risk attacking something across the Saudi border; they're not stupid, and Qurac just hasn't cosied up to America in the way their neighbours have.

"What'd'you mean?"

"Well, I know that you're not related to Green Arrow. He might have been teaching you, but, given the way Red Arrow's reacted to seeing you? Probably not for long. So, y'know, given all the weapons out there... Why a bent stick that fires pointy sticks?"

Her eyes narrow, but she decides to treat it as an actual enquiry and not an insult.

"It's a lot quieter than a gun or something, easier to own legally, easier to transport. Carbon fibre doesn't set off metal detectors, and if I got stopped by police while carrying point arrows I could claim that it was sporting equipment."

"And those.. special arrowheads you were using?"

Her eyes drop to the ground for a moment. "Those.. are a recent thing. Green Arrow's been sharing his stuff. He's... I think he's been missing Red Arrow? I don't know exactly how close they were-."

"Green Arrow adopted him three years ago, when he was fifteen, after the death of his natural parents." That earns me a look. I shrug. "Like I said, I looked up information on everyone before joining the team."

"Riiight. Well, normal arrows aren't always enough against armoured cars or people with super powers."

"How do you even get those to fly straight? They can't be aerodynamic."

"Looots a'practice."

"But the weight distribution-"

She squints at me. "Is entirely correct. The weight goes at the front. Basic aerodynamics."

Aerodynamics. That.. thing.. I don't have to bother with. "No, I mean, like-."

"You mean the drag."

"Um. Probably?"

"It's more difficult, but you just have to use more force."

I exhale through my lips. "Your arms must be made of-."

There's a blast of air and I see a slight distortion in the sky as the rear hatch of the bioship opens just in front of us.

Wallace waves at us from just inside. "We've been looking all over for you two!"

"Is everyone alright?"

"Kaldur's still pretty shaken up, but aside from that, fine."

Artemis is already walking towards the opening as I rise to my feet. Wallace points at my hand. "What's up with your ring?"

"Completely out of power. I'm glad the bioship's got air conditioning."

Wallace stands aside as Artemis walks in, then follows her into the cockpit. I stop at the threshold. I hear the door close and feel the slight pressure of acceleration.

"Why is there a giant metal ball in here?"

The ball rotates without assistance, rolls over to me, then swivels so that the small non-metallic area is... looking? At me. It's a slightly recessed circular patch of dark red, and has a lighted red line on it that resembles a slightly stretched omega. There are other, smaller lines and patches of purple. As I stare, I wonder it it's really dark red, or just that the lines get so thin that at this magnification it appears to be red.

After a moment, it beeps and warbles like a Simon game. What does that remind me of?

"Oh... New God technology. I'm assuming you're from New Genesis."

A duller beep. Kon looks at me. "You know what it is?"

"I've seen similar technology before. Nothing quite like this, though. Mother Boxes are usually-" I make a square with my hands "-about this big. Never seen a spherical one."

A warble, and it rolls over to where Kaldur is slumped in one of the rear seats. I walk past M'gann's pilot station and go to take the empty seat at the front right before I notice an orange glow. Turning, I see Teekl curled up on M'gann's lap. Her eyes open a little, notice me, then close again.

"Making friends are we, Teekl?"

M'gann looks down at the dozing cat, and takes her right hand off a steering column to rub her head.

"She was really helpful. When I fought Psimon inside my mind she bit him to distract him, and then she was able to enter our mindscape and attack him with me. I hadn't realised how complex her mind is."

"Ooo's a good diddle kitty den?"

That gets two open eyes and a sniff.

"Strange Smell Nice Smell."

She stretches and resettles. I plant myself in the front right chair.

"So, Robin, get anything useful?" Robin has his arm computer plugged into a hard drive.

"Not sure. I've broken most of the encryption, but some of this? I've never seen anything like it. You said the sphere was from 'New Genesis'? Could they be dealing with Bialya?"

An angry beep from the sphere.

"Doubt it. Apokolips might, but this.. seems kind of small potatoes for them."

He smiles, and glances away from his work. "Thought you were an atheist."

"New Gods is the best translation of their name for themselves. Apokolips and New Genesis are planets, inhabited by beings who are part organic humanoid, and part Platonic ideal form. The ruler of Apokolips, for example, is both a physically powerful man and the manifestation of the concept of tyranny. His courtiers include embodiments of the concepts of torture and of child abuse."

Uneasy and slightly disgusted looks from the team.

"Yes, it's exactly as bad as it sounds. If Bialya is dealing with them somehow, the League need to get on this."

Silence. I turn to the view screen. The augmented ambient lighting it provides means that I can see the desert, which will eventually give way to the Mediterranean Sea. We'll actually be passing over central Europe en route back to New England. Thinking about it...

"If anyone wants to get a zeta tube home, we can just stop off in Berlin or something. No need for everyone to stay on board. I can pilot the ship back..?"

No one seems eager. Oh well. I offered.

Wallace seems to have something on his mind.

"I've been meaning to ask: why'd you think you were dreaming?"

I shrug. "Like I've said, my parallel doesn't have superheroes, or super powers. When I first got here I spent a.. spent a couple of hours just.. sitting on the moon." I hold up my right hand, and flick it forwards. "Staring into space, before I accepted it was really happening. And this was even more bizarre."

"You charged your ring before we left, right?" Robin has some sort of technical diagram up on his arm computer, and he's watching me through it.

"Yes?"

"What exactly did you do that used up all that power?"

!Lie!

"Well,-"

M'gann giggles. Eyes move from me to her, and back again.

Darn it.

Artemis raises an eyebrow. "What.. happened, exactly?"

Rip the plaster off fast. "I.. made a statue, in the desert."

Artemis isn't buying it. "And that took all of your ring power?"

"Well-."

"He made a giant naked statue. Of himself."

I cringe. Jaws drop around the cabin.

Oh, just tell them. "First, I made a life size statue out of glass I transmuted from the sand, but I didn't think it would last long enough. So I broke it up, and made a bigger one out of transmuted diamond."

They're all staring except M'gann, who's progressed from giggling to chuckling. "I tried to get him to add trunks, but he wouldn't listen. I hadn't met anyone else apart from Superboy, so I couldn't just leave him. I didn't know where to look."

Wallace recovers fastest. "You mean there's a giant diamond statue of-."

M'gann waves her right hand. "No." She's gasping for breath now. "He wasn't happy with it, so he broke it down and made another one, even bigger."

I wince. "The third statue is made out of a super dense silicon based compound. It's about half a mile tall and the base goes about a mile underground, so there's no way anyone can remove it. Shaping and transmuting the material took most of the ring's power."

No one wants to be first to speak.

After about a minute passes, Kaldur raises the question. "This statue. It is still there?"

I close my eyes, and rub my brow with my right hand. I remember scanning every database in the world for the molecular structure I wanted; hard, tough and transparent. It seemed so sensible at the time.

"Almost certainly. I mean, it's not indestructible, but it's not far off."

That finally breaks Artemis' self control. "You made a giant naked statue of yourself in the middle of Bialya!?"

"Not.. not the middle, no."

M'gann snorts.

Artemis gesticulates. "You're unbelievable!"

"I thought I was dreaming!"

She crosses her arms, and stops looking at me.

Robin chuckles too. "Can't wait 'till Batman hears about that."

"I had an excuse. Why exactly did you think it was a good idea to run off before our attack on the Bialyan encampment?"

"That went okay."

"It would have gone better if you'd coordinated with us."

"You mean with coordinated with you."

"In that situation? Yes."

He leans back in his chair and folds his arms. I look out the front window again. We're over the ocean now, and I think I can see the lights of the Turkish coastline.

If we're going to have to deal with the New Gods, I'm going to need to try and track down Scott Free and Big Barda. If they exist here. I wonder how well Diana will get on with her? She was making noises about wanting more female League members, I've just had trouble remembering any who would be worth while. I seem to remember Barda and Scott not being keen on the whole superhero thing. Something about wanting a normal life? Good luck with that. I'm also going to need to sit down with M'gann and create a telepathic defence construct. I've been thinking about it for a while, but other stuff's just come up...

Anyway. Everyone's alright, and we got the intelligence Batman wanted. Con, we failed the stealth part again, and I left a giant statue...

Maybe he'll see the funny side?

Wallace jerks in his seat. "Auw! I just realised; I didn't get anything for the trophy room!"

Teekl uncoils from M'gann's lap, jumps to the floor and walks over to Wallace. She sits, makes eye contact, and then drops something at his feet from her mouth. He looks at it.

"Is.. that a finger?"

I grin at him. "She likes you!"

*Supplementary, Renegade*
4th September
23:12:08 GMT +3
Nine seconds.
Ten seconds.

I scan the area again. The Bialyan encampment is still exactly as it was. The drones I detected being launched from the airbase outside Rutba are still en route, on the exact same vector as last time I checked.

I can't help but feel I'm being underutilised here. Batman explained that power ring scans aren't admissible as evidence, but why would this ever come to court?

"Oh El was right! The site's lousy with zeta beam radiation."

And that's a surprise why, Wallace? He and Richard are fiddling with the sensor array. Kaldur's managing to find a way to stand around dynamically, and Kon's watching Richard and Wallace. I'm trying to look alert, but in the dark my grey skin means that I look like a pair of glowing orange eyes floating in the air. Artemis is standing at a slouch close to me, arms crossed.

"Definitely detecting non-terrestrial trace elements from the tent."

I'd already identified the alien sphere, and the probable entry site for whatever form of teleportation was utilised. I could easily tell that it wasn't a zeta beam; for a start, there's no receiver station. Not sure what it was, though. I don't have any records of similar radiation patterns. Most vexing.

M'gann steps forward. "I'll check it out in camouflage mode."

"Good idea. Go."

Kon looks around. "Careful."

Kaldur nods. "And maintain telepathic contact."

"I will, Aqualad."

I roll my eyes. "Might I humbly suggest that telepathic communication in close proximity to an individual like Doctor Jones is perhaps not the best course of action?"

Kaldur looks at M'gann, who thinks about it. "It.. should be alright. Intercepting focused telepathic transmissions is pretty difficult."

Kaldur makes eye contact with her. "If you are sure."

M'gann nods, and camouflages as she rises into the sky. My OrangeVision means that I can see her just fine as she flies directly into the Bialyan encampment. That isn't clever, but it shouldn't matter. Nothing in there is sophisticated enough to detect her.

What exactly are we going to learn from this? I check the watch on my bracer again.

Artemis notices. "What's the matter? You got a hot date lined up?"

"Yes, actually."

She curls her lip. "I guess the people of Aichi will just have to do without."

Once she got over the initial shock, she'd assumed that I was joking about that. She's learned better since. "No. The plan this evening is to have dinner with a single woman. Conversation, personal and professional. Little more than that."

She looks at me, frowning, puzzled. I shrug.

"I am a man of many divergent drives. I don't always want the same thing."

"Who is she?"

"Your sister, actually."

She splutters. Hm. I'm pretty sure that qualifies me for 'token evil team mate' status. I've certainly got the look down pat.

"What!"

Kaldur looks over. "Artemis, lower your voice."

I can see her fuming. Delicious. And none of the others even knew that she has a sister.

"We met quite by chance, hit it off. Exchanged contact information. I find Jade to be a most interesting young woman."

The Sensei actually believed her. Certainly, what I advised her to say was completely true, but I was expecting more suspicion considering the circumstances. Better yet, Ra's has ordered her to gain my trust and gather information about me. I haven't told her that I'm bugging Infinity Island -that name, seriously-, and she hasn't yet told me that this is anything other than a social engagement. It's all getting delightfully convoluted. And it certainly doesn't hurt that I do find her quite attractive.

**I'm in.** M'gann's arrived, then.

**Good, but tread carefully. Camouflage is not invisible.**

Apparently Kaldur can exchange images with M'gann like this, but I haven't learned how to do that yet. Maybe I shouldn't. I'm not keen on the others seeing some of the things I've been doing, and I don't want to risk seepage. That was why -despite the obvious accessibility advantages- I couldn't risk getting M'gann to tutor me in telepathic defences. Fortunately, Mister Black lacks her squeamishness, and was more than happy to educate me in her stead. He's still working for the British government at this point in his life, and appears to find it mostly fulfilling. When we met, he made a half-hearted attempt to recruit me, but it was clear that he didn't believe his own Queen-and-Country spiel and he admitted as much afterwards. I was surprised by how amiable he was. Maybe the beer was helping.

**They're doing something to the sphere. It's alive! In pain! Hello? Can you hear me?**

Did she just open broadcast..?

**I can. And an open mind is a dangerous thing.**

MindShield

The other members of the team are looking increasingly agitated. Unfortunately for them, I haven't worked out a way to use this form of construct on others yet. I'm not completely sure what will happen now, but I predict nosebleeds in M'gann's future.

She might need me to recover her. Batman won't like us failing the stealth aspect again, but I suspect that he'd like her getting dissected even less.

Ring, plot route to M'gann and mark targets.

By your command.

Then I feel it, a pressure against my shield. Mister Black told me that unfocused attacks like this were fairly easy to turn aside, but this is the first time I've tried my shield in combat and I'd be lying if I said that I wasn't a little concerned.

But no. The pressure is constant, but even as my team mates cry out in pain and double over clutching their heads I am unaffected. And here I thought Mister Black might just have been winding me up. Kon is the first to collapse, as the others groan and stagger aimlessly around. I walk over and put a hand on his shoulder, only for him to swipe me away. I pull back as he crouches and leaps into the sky. I'm a little stronger than Kaldur now, but Kon still overpowers me to a noticeable degree. Looking up into the sky I see M'gann shooting away from the science tent in a similar state of distress.

Hm.

What to do next? From the looks of things my team mates just got hit with a compulsion or a pain stimulation effect. Unlike how I thought things like that would work, Mister Black assured me that once the telepath puts them 'on', they don't require maintenance at all. Doctor Jones probably isn't continuing to do anything to them, so just killing him wouldn't really help. I'm not sure if he'd keep his abilities after assimilation, so that's not a certainty either.

I raise my right fist to my lips.

So what, then? Ah, yes.

"Ring. Heart Stilling Diminution Presence."

*Supplementary, Renegade*
4th September
23:16 GMT +3

I walk slowly towards the Bialyan encampment, making no effort to conceal myself. Quite the contrary, with my shield turned up and my MindShield active I'm lit up like a bonfire.

I was met by a group of guards outside the rim of the pit in which the base is being set up. I smiled pleasantly as they raised their weapons, and watched with interest as they collapsed. Their aggression triggered the ring to work its electromagnetic sufficiently-advanced-magic and slow their heart rates to below the level needed for them to remain conscious. A couple of them kept it together well enough to get shots off, but they're just using automatic rifles. Nothing that's actually a threat to me, and the shots will be heard from within the base, which will most likely work to my favour.

I broke their guns into pieces with my hands and neutralised the explosives in their grenades. Even if they aren't a threat to me I don't want them getting up and stumbling across my disorientated team mates with their weapons in working order. My understanding is that an attack my friends can see coming will probably snap them out of it -for a while at least- but a few bullets from outside their line of sight could see me returning to a very empty cave tomorrow.

Now I'm walking at an easy pace over the rim of the pit in which the Bialyans have set up shop. Guards shout, point, muster, and then collapse. This isn't the most efficient use of power I've ever made: it doesn't cause immediate unconsciousness and will probably end up using about ten percent of my total charge. It's certainly funny, though. These are the elite of the Bialyan military, but to me? They're insects.

Machine guns rounds spend themselves against my conjured armour as one of the military Jeeps opens fire from outside the effect of the Presence. I look in his direction and the effect takes hold, causing the gunner to fall from his perch.

And the best thing about this? None of them will be seriously hurt. And since none of them are getting a good look at me, the best description they'll be able to provide is 'big orange thing'. Now, where's Doctor Jones got to? Still in the main tent, with five scientists and four guards. No one I particularly care about. I think that they're assuming that the lack of fire means that the attack has been beaten off.

Ring, take copies of all electronic and paper records.

By your command.

I slow to strolling pace. If my clothing had pockets, I'd put my hands in them. None of these soldiers will know what method was employed to neutralise them when they wake up. They saw me, then nothing. I find that immensely satisfying.

Reaching the main tent, I take a moment to turn off the Presence. M'gann said something about the sphere being alive, so I should probably investigate in person. Besides, I haven't beaten anything into pulp since Klarion's cat, and it didn't put up much of a fight. I mean, if you're going to have one thing anchoring you to the material world you should at least make sure that it can survive being stamped on.

I calmly push the tent flap aside and walk inside.

"Have you found-?" Doctor Jones turns as he speaks, then cuts himself off as he sees me. He's wearing some sort of cloak and with the hood down I can clearly see through the transparent top of his head and into his metahuman brain. I scan it, and can clearly identify the novel elements which grant his abilities. Mister Black's useful abnormalities were far better integrated, this looks like a cut and shut job by comparison. "Oh."

As the soldiers get over their shock and raise their weapons, I raise my right hand and lazily project ShockCrowns into existence around their heads. Doctor Jones backs up as I give the panicking scientists the same treatment. He isn't scared, just cautious.

"I suppose I shouldn't be too surprised that at least one of you had the sense to disconnect. No matter." He raises his right hand toward me, fingers splayed. "Be. Still."

Shield to full.

I feel the pressure again, but he can't breach me. Mister Black took an indecent degree of pleasure in teaching me exactly how much force my MindShield can take at this juncture, and it looks like Doctor Jones' peak output is significantly lower than his. But there's no sense taking unnecessary chances.

I FTL to just in front of him. He barely comes up to my chest, and my sudden breach of his personal space causes him to jump back and trip. I catch his shirt in my left hand, pull him towards me and then take hold of his cranium with my right and raise him to my eye level.

"Was that supposed to be a telepathic attack? I've felt better. Pithing Needle."

He jerks as the construct locks his body in place.

If the sphere is alive, I suppose the next order of business is freeing it. I slice through the containment unit and pull away the remains. The unveiled sphere within somehow swivels on his axis until a small non-metallic area is.. looking..? At me. It's a slightly recessed circular patch of dark red, and has a lighted red line on it that resembles a slightly stretched omega. There are other, smaller lines and patches of purple. It looks a bit like a Mother Box, a conclusion it confirms a moment later when it starts pinging and beeping at me. I don't get a translation, but... I think I can understand it. Ah.

"I agree. I do look a little like Him, don't I? But I assure you, sphere of New Genesis, I am no servant of the Anti-Life, nor of the Tyrant God."

Three beeps, and it rolls backwards a little before rolling forward off the remains of the podium on which it was being held. It comes toward me, and stops about two metres away, growling like a revving engine.

"I doubt that they had anything to do with that, and I'm afraid that I'm not in a position to arrest them. Would you accept an offer of sanctuary, at least until we can make contact with your homeworld?"

A slightly more positive warbling chirp. I don't want to try sending it the location of the bioship without a better understanding of it's nature, but leading it there should be no chore.

"That... That thing is the property of the Bialyan government. You have no business interfering!"

I turn back to Doctor Jones, still dangling by his head. "I'm a little impressed you can still talk. But you're wrong; interstellar kidnapping is a crime which a Lantern is fully empowered to investigate. And New Gods are rather forward thinking on the subject of AI rights."

Now... What to do with Doctor Jones?

An idea begins to form. Sure, I can't get away with killing him, but, well, I remember how Superman dealt with Mister Black, don't I?

"But leaving legal niceties aside. Doctor Jones, I will show you that there is nothing you can possess which I cannot take away."

The hand holding his head glows orange as I focus ultrasound scalpels on the graft points inside his head.

"No! What are you doing?!"

I smile, and increase the glow of my eyes.

Agh fuck! I forgot he's a telekine! I can feel it as the meat is twisted and torn and fractures form along the bones in the arm holding him up. I nearly drop him before reinforcing the arm's structures with the orange light.

"That's it? That's your last ditch defence?"

His records show that he can do more than this. I can only assume that not being able to move is impeding him. It isn't for show; with only the mechanisms of the Human brain to work with most telekines I've been able to study need to map certain activities onto their peripheral nervous system.

"Ghrgh!"

And then the ripping force is gone. I restore my arm and check. The surgery is complete. I remove the Pithing Needle, and open my right hand. He falls onto his arse, and I turn away.

"Come Sphere, we have team mates to round up."

"I ca... You..."

I smile, as behind me his eyes widen and he grasps his head with both hands.

"Auauauauauuauauauauauauauauauauaaua..."

Delicious.

*Episode 10*: Tracers

5th September
09:54 GMT -5

Wallace looks uneasy at the furry objects in the basket. "This doesn't feel very scientific."

I sigh, and lower the bat. "It's not. I already know that the Danner Formula worked on them just fine. But yesterday I had to explain to Batman why I decided to build a giant naked statue of myself in the middle of an enemy country. I need this."

We're standing in the training area. The female rats which I treated with the Danner Formula had their litters while we were on the Bialya mission, and their offspring showed superrodent strength and fortitude from birth. Taking a bit of a risk, I commanded the ring to replicate the physiological alterations upon their mothers. They were already suffering from suckling their Dawn-Rat offspring, and leaving them in that situation seemed unnecessarily cruel.

It worked.

Wanting to check a wider variety, I took a random selection of other rats and upgraded them as well.

Now, we're going to play rat baseball.

"Remember, don't put your hand anywhere near their mouths."

Wallace looks at me, then back to the basket. I raise the bat, and take a stance.

His hand moves.

"Recognised, Troia, Ay zero five."

What?

"Hey guys, what are you do-?"

I turn to the zeta tube as the rat flies past me and hits the wall. Edgar McScurry drops to the floor and we all watch as he rights himself, sniffs the air and then scurries along the floor. My grip on the bat relaxes.

"And.. why were you going to hit that rat with a baseball bat?"

I make the appeal gesture. "Because the shop didn't have a cricket bat. Bloody Americans."

She's wearing her black star-studded armour and mithril bracers. Finding out that mithril exists here was a bit of a surprise. Finding out that Diana's gold armour is actually made of orichalcum was even more so. I'd thought that White Wolf made that stuff up for Exalted. But no: take a normal -if highly refined- metal, add a little magic and boom, super tough armour. I've got to add that to Sephtian's slate.

Before Edgar can reach the exit and give Teekl even more cause to shun my company, I grab his tail with a orange tentacle, lift him into the air and ShockCrown him before he can break free. I was a little alarmed to discover that these rats are now strong enough to break my weaker constructs, but I suppose that was sort of the point of the process. I float him over to the basket. Strong though they are, it doesn't seem to occur to them that they can get through a solid looking obstruction.

"Paul..."

Whaw. That's exactly the tone Diana uses.

"Short version: Alan gave me a copy of the formula that gave Hugo Danner super strength. I tested it on some rats, it worked. The bat wouldn't have hurt him."

"You made.. super rats?" She looks more disturbed than impressed.

"Yes!"

I raise my right fist in exaltation.

"NOW THE WORLD WILL TREMBLE IN FEAR BEFORE MY RODENT MINIONS!"

Donna and Wallace blink at me. Wallace waves a finger. "Ah, I'm not gunna help you with that."

"Was a joke, guys. Anyway, works on rats. Had a super strong Blue Jay flying around for a while. Not.. sure.. where that went. Monkey trials struck me as a really bad idea."

I pause, waiting for a response. Donna appears to decide that it's her turn. "So you can make super strong animals? Is that.. good?"

"The Danner Formula normally only works on foetuses. I now know how to make it work on adult organisms. I can make any baseline Human as strong as Hugo Danner was."

"Alright, but what do you need me for? I'm skipping Chemistry revision to be here."

"Eh, Wallace can help you with that."

Wallace grins at her. "I'm, like, the king of chemistry. I can totally help you with that."

"Your name's really Wallace?"

He slumps slightly. Whoops. "Yeah."

"Well, thank you, Wallace. That's very kind of you."

And he's fine again. I hold up my left forefinger. "Ah. Just a moment..."

Kon, Kaldur and M'gann walk in from the habitation area, with the sphere rolling along just behind them.

Tingle tingle.

M'gann's carrying Teekl, who turns her head to peer around the room. After her telepathic confrontation with Doctor Jones and my creation of offensively strong food animals, Teekl's been spending most of her time with M'gann.

"Okay, Kon, do you want the good news first, or the bad news?"

"Ah." He looks at M'gann and Kaldur, then back to me. "Bad.. news?"

"Right, oh-kay."

I float up into the air. Sooo good to have a full charge again.

"After our encounter with Mister Twister, you made it clear to me that you.. were unhappy, not having the full range of Kryptonian powers. I've been working on the issue." I raise my hands, and form two images. "Eye on the left is yours. Eye on the right, Kal-El's."

I trigger a zoom to various points of interest.

"As you can see, near enough identical. Your ability to perceive different wavelengths is almost exactly as good as his, as is your magnifications. But."

The image pulls out and extends into the brain.

"Your visual cortex, his visual cortex. As you can see, noticeable differences in structure." I point with my right hand. "This bit here, as far as I can tell, is the capacitor for his heat vision. You don't have one. Your visual cortex is almost entirely Human. So, bad news, I'm sorry, but unless I changed the structure of your brain -which I won't, by the way- there's no way to give you heat vision."

He looks down, slumped, and nods.

"I'm still working on flight. Now, good news. I've found a way to upgrade your strength."

His head comes straight up. "Really?"

I move my arms out to the side. "No, I'm winding you up."

His face falls.

"No no no, that was a joke! That was a joke. I've done it, with a little help from Wallace, Alan and a guy named Abednego Danner."

The eye images are replaced by a cut away diagram of Kon's body, with Kryptonian, Human and Chimeric -presumably Genomorph- components in different tones.

"See, originally, I was trying to see if I could get your Human components to have the same strong nuclear force control as your Kryptonian parts. Couldn't do it. But, it occurred to me, I'd be better off studying existing metahumans, and seeing if I could replicate their abilities."

I float over to him, touching down a metre away.

"And with the Danner Formula, I have a way to upgrade your Human components. Can't promise that you'll be exactly as strong as Superman, but you'll probably be close."

He's smiling.

"And that's why Donna's wearing her armour. You spar today, she'll need it." I extend my hands forward, towards his chest. "So, you want me to do this?"

He looks a little stunned, in a happy sort of way. He nods.

"Yes."

Good day, good day.

7th September
06:46 GMT -2

...

Balls.

When Kaldur invited Kon, M'gann and I to visit Atlantis with him I was so looking forward to getting a tour of the place from someone who actually knows it. Being told what the structures of the buildings of Shayeris actually are means that I can appreciate it better than just tagging it all as 'alien weirdness to be ignored'. Really, the whole place is a wonder of expert biomancy, natural structures grown many times their natural speed in accordance with the magics of their crafters. Met Kaldur's parents, met his school friends -including the guy I was expecting to be Aqualad- and generally ended up with a much better understanding of Atlantean society than I had before.

Sure, I accidentally said a few things that I maybe shouldn't have done. Once they said that there was a 'Purist' movement which hates all Atlanteans who deviate from the Human physical template, maybe I should have thought a bit more about asking why they didn't just fix the spells which created the alterations. After backtracking a bit -and healing the scars they carved into Topo's chest - it was explained to me that the version of the spell that was used on the 'purebloods' was lost when the great sorcerer Ahri'ahn died just after the Sinking. Why there wasn't some sort of record made I'm not sure, but I got the impression that while they got some warning that the Sinking was going to happen, it wasn't all that much and things were a bit chaotic. Anyway, at this point turning one of the 'altered' Atlanteans back into a baseline Human would be next to impossible, even if it were politically acceptable to try. The bloodline magics are just too embedded.

Like I'd accept that for an answer. I ended up giving this whole speech about how nothing is impossible if you want it strongly enough. Any spell that was cast once can be rediscovered and cast again. I used to hate public speaking like that, but I think it actually went quite well. Particularly when I brought up the fact that I don't have a soul, which around here marks me out as the ultimate outsider, unable to perform magic in a civilisation where everything is magic based.

Apparently, the Atlantean term for someone like me is 'Hollow Man', which I suppose makes a kind of sense. I asked, and apparently people without souls can exist, a sorry state of affairs for those concerned that can be the result of major spell miscasts. The longest any of them are recorded as having survived afterwards is five days, and it's usually less. Until they died they behaved a bit like the zombies from African folklore before Hollywood got to them, listless and bewildered but still biologically alive. They also feature rather heavily in Atlantean horror stories, sort of a halfway house between a zombie and a vampire. That version can sustain itself by feeding on the souls of others, gradually diminishing in power and becoming increasingly corpselike when prevented from doing so. I was actually a bit worried that I might be some sort of Atlantean equivalent of Edward Cullen. Seems a bit trivial, given what happened afterwards.

For some reason, DNA scans on the altered Atlanteans tell me that they should be baseline Humans. Even the scans of the DNA on the bits which clearly aren't Human. The ring detects that the altered bits are altered; it can scan their structures just fine, it just can't explain why. I'd find someone to ask, but I don't think that Atlanteans know much more about DNA than geneticists knows about biomancy. Not sure we'd be able to get the Purists on side with a re-enchanting plan. It's not like the Nazis let Jews off if they renounced their faith. But the Inquisition did, so, maybe.

Anyway, everything was going fine until we turned in. M'gann and Kon joined Kaldur in the palace's guest facilities while I returned to the bioship. I'm not ready to trust the ring to breathe for me underwater while I'm asleep. As a result, I managed to sleep through Queen Mera getting kidnapped by Ocean Master, and my friends getting blasted by lightning. M'gann's pain woke me up, but with Kaldur down and Prince Orm 'busy' no one would tell me what was going on.

I don't really remember Orm from anywhere but the episode of Justice League where he tried to use a confrontation with some American submarines to start a war and take over Atlantis. Kind of a big deal, but I didn't want to assume things would go the same here. He wanted to send us after a Purist stronghold in something called 'Old Roman Trench' which he'd heard about from 'sources'. I waited until we were away from the palace before suggesting that it would make more sense for me to scan for her DNA instead. Kaldur wanted to tell Prince Orm, but I suggested that we couldn't tell who among his staff could be trusted.

Funnily enough, she wasn't at either location Prince Orm marked as possible Purist strongholds. Took us half an hour to reach the S'Atiroman Cave where she was actually being held. We blitzed the handful of Purist guards, and confronted Ocean Master himself. My ward paid for itself when he tried to blast me, and I disarmed him.

Literally.

Okay, not exactly literally, but he doesn't have hands anymore. Why he left them unarmoured I don't know. His armour was heavily enchanted, and my first attack against him completely failed because of that. Kon tried to close the range, Kaldur went to free Queen Mera, and M'gann tried a 'Get Over Here' with her telekenesis. Then I saw his trident, and disarmed him by...

Yeah.

Then Kon grabbed him, broke his arms and caved in his chest. Orm's still alive, just about, but the medical mages are actually arguing about whether it would be kinder just to let him die. They still stick people on Traitor's Reef for High Treason here.

What a mess.

I'm sitting in some sort of drawing room in the palace with my head on my hands, trying not to draw attention to myself. King Orin's back, and somewhere in the palace he's just now finding out that his beloved half brother is also his greatest enemy. Kaldur's been pretty stoical about the whole thing, but I saw how shocked he was when we took Orm's helmet off. I checked Queen Mera over on-site, and neither she nor her unborn child -a boy, though Atlanteans don't practise agnatic primogeniture- seem to have suffered any harm. She said that we'd probably arrived before Orm could carry out whatever ritual he'd had planned. They've got a team of mage wrights going over the whole thing, trying to work out what his spell rig was supposed to do.

What I can't work out is, why didn't he just kill her? I mean, he must have known she was pregnant, why not make sure that she wasn't going to be a problem as soon as she was out of sight of the palace? If he really needed a death to fuel the spell, why didn't he just get his followers to abduct a couple of 'impure' Atlantians? Can't believe it would be that hard in a place where they can just grab a guy off the street and cut letters into his chest without an utterly devastating police response.

The door opens, and Kaldur swims in. I straighten up and make a dejected wave. "How's King Orin doing?"

He approaches, his eyes downcast. "As well as could be expected, given the circumstances."

"Bet the Purists are going to love this, their greatest champion taken down by two aliens, a Hollow Man and a, well..." I point at my neck, wiggling my index finger up and down.

Kaldur lightly shakes his head. "Though Purist sympathies are hardly uncommon, Ocean Master himself is reviled throughout Atlantis. Any Purist group with him as its leader will swiftly find itself with very few friends. "

"That's.. something, I suppose."

"I... I had not wanted you to see my home like this." He takes a seat one along from me. "I had thought that when Ocean Master was finally defeated it would be at the hands of my king, and that it would be a day of great celebration. Now..."

"Yeah."

We sit in silence for a moment.

"What did.. Prince Orm, actually do in Atlantian government?"

"He served as King Orin's regent during his frequent absences on the surface. I think... I think that the League will have to manage without Aquaman for a time."

"Are the guards going through Orm's quarters?"

He shakes his head. "No."

"Why not?"

"Who could be trusted to undertake such a search? Prin-. Orm handled many appointments to the royal household, and as Ocean Master must have had help from inside the palace to capture Queen Mera. They are all under suspicion."

"Damn."

"My king said that he intends to ask the city of Nanauve to provide a replacement detail until the investigation is complete. Since virtually their entire population would be considered 'impure' by the Purists, such groups have never had any support among them."

Shark people. Wonderful. Makes sense though. I was a bit puzzled as to why their king was attending the Conservatory, but apparently they use a system like that of ancient Sparta, and have two kings at a time. King Nanaue Sha'ark is the younger of their current rulers, and they judged it worthwhile to send him to an institution as prestigious as the Conservatory of Sorcery in order to strengthen their city-state's bonds to the next generation of the Poseidonian elite.

And if he wasn't such a huge arse, it might have worked.

"Where've Kon and M'gann got to?"

"They left on the bioship half an hour ago. We did not know where you were."

"Oh. I, um... I thought I should stick around in case anyone wanted me for anything. Didn't want to get in the way, so I thought.. this.. was..."

That wasn't very clever of me. I didn't know what to do, so I removed myself from the situation. But I should have stayed visible. And leaving Kon and M'gann...

"You should join them. There is a zeta beam station in the city. I will lead you there."

"Yeah. Thanks."

We get up.

"After all, you have school today as well."

...

"Wait, what?"

7th September
06:01 GMT -5

"No no no no no no no no no no no."

Diana stands there, waiting for me to stop. "Paul."

"No! This is not happening."

We're in the living area. Behind us, M'gann is making lunch for Kon and herself. Not for me, I put a stop to that right away. I have no idea what's going on, but I know what's not going on: me, going to an American high school. Kon needs the socialisation practise, fine. He doesn't need the knowledge, as since I upgraded his physique he finally agreed to let M'gann try meshing his programming with his conscious mind. It's working, slowly. It's even safe to let him into the kitchen now, though he hasn't got much beyond toast yet. M'gann wants to go to school, fine. She could probably use the Earth culture practise. I'm twenty nine, for heaven's sake!

Teekl's washing her front right paw while sitting on the work surface. Kaldur's staying behind in Atlantis for the time being, Red Tornado's gone to see what Kon's up to, and an uncomfortable looking Mister J'onzz has retreated to the far side of the kitchen. M'gann's looking a little nervous as well. Used to be that I'd hate making a scene like this. But, damn it, some things must not stand.

"Paul, I already told you that this was-."

"I thought you were talking to Kon and M'gann!"

She's right, though. School had come up in conversation. I just didn't credit the idea she meant me. My knowledge gap isn't that bad. Wait, I dimly remember that holding people back is more common in the American education system than it is in Britain. I haven't done anything really stupid lately, have I?

"I'm not even a US citizen!"

"Actually, you are. The League has arranged public identities for each of you. You just need to select a name which you-."

"Oh gods it's happened, hasn't it? I've caught it from you people. I'm going to start saying 'mailbox' and 'aloominum' and thinking that footballs are supposed to be ovoid and drinking tea with ice in it. I don't even like tea!"

"Paul, calm down."

"No. No. This is not the time for-."

"Paul, direct order. Calm down."

I freeze, trying to breath more slowly. "I should have asked for something in the oath about impossible requests. Look, I find it strange enough that you're okay with M'gann going to school at forty eight, but what exactly do you think-?"

"Actually..." We both look at Mister J'onzz. He hesitates for a moment before continuing. "M'gann may be forty eight Earth years old, but Martians mature much more slowly than Humans. In your terms, she would be equivalent to a sophomore student."

I look blank. "And in British?"

"Sixteen. That would be.. year eleven, I think, in the British system."

Aaaagh!

This actually is the Junior Justice League! Everyone's... It's not just training. Not just training. That means.. everyone...

What?

"Exactly how old do you think I am?"

What do I do what do I do?

"Mid teens. I thought it best to put you in the same class as Kon and M'gann. I've no doubt that you can cope with the work load." She looks at me in an interrogative manner. "Actually, I hadn't realised until just now that I don't know exactly how old you are."

What do I do what do I do?

!Lie!

"Seventeen. I finished my GCSEs last year, and I have absolutely no desire to go back to secondary school."

Should I feel bad about that? I don't. I can't leave here, this is my home, but there's no way I'm going to school if I can possibly avoid it.

"Obviously, I don't have the certificates with me, but if you want something to put in the files I can just tell you my final grades."

Diana frowns slightly, and her eyes drop for a second. Progress!

"Students normally don't leave high school until they're eighteen."

"My birthday's on the seventeenth of September. If you really want me to go for ten days..."

She's thinking about it. Keep pushing.

"You're not making Kaldur go, and he's younger than me."

That's true.

"Kaldur is Atlantean-."

"And I'm British! Completely different education system, which I've finished."

"Don't you think it might be useful for you to have a genuine qualification?"

"Aaaaaah. No. I can already draw information from all databases on Earth. Once I get in touch with the Controllers, I'll have access to knowledge a billion years more advanced than anything Earth has to offer. I already told you that I don't want a secret identity, so there's no point in developing one. I am a Sector Lantern, and that's a full time job. High school is not worth my time."

Her left hand goes to her chin. "It would have been helpful to know this in advance."

Eh? "I told you in July. At the barbecue, with Alan and Donna."

Her eyes move to the side, the skin around them tightening as she tries to remember.

"You said that you 'weren't interested'. You didn't say that you'd finished school."

"Didn't I? Could of sworn..." Or was that the bit I said to Donna? Now she mentions it, I'm not sure. I shake my head. "It's splitting hairs anyway."

"The identity already exists..."

"Ring, detect all electronic records the League has created for my shell identity, copy them, then delete the originals."

"Compliance."

"There. Dealt with."

"Paul."

"If you can't list my real origin, at least list me as a local British national. Or even Maltusian. Something I'd want to be, something sort of accurate. Don't ask me to lie to everyone like that."

She nods, resigned. "Very well."

7th September
06:36 GMT -5

"Unable to comply."

"Alright, but why?"

I'm back in casuals, and I'm standing in my room in front of my personal lantern. I thought it would be best if I put a little space between Diana and myself for the moment. I need to calm down properly, for a start. Not quite sure how I got away with concealing my true age. Isn't she some sort of truth demigoddess? I had a good look at myself in the mirror when I got in here, and I honestly don't understand how they could think that I'm in my mid teens. Maybe that's because I know what I looked like at that age? Or maybe they're underestimating my age due to the situation's demand characteristics?

Since I need something to do for a little while, I thought I'd have a go at doing what Wallace suggested during the Bialya mission. Gives me an excuse not to think about the chaos in Atlantis as well.

"No superior connection available."

"Expand."

"Connection to Central Power Battery permits increased matrix stability. Do you desire to form a connection to the Orange Central Power Battery?"

"No!"

"Compliance."

"What is increased matrix stability, and why do I need it to put my lantern into subspace?"

"Each personal lantern contains a small planar fracture, systems for stabilising and maintaining the planar fracture, and capacitors for storing power taken from the planar fracture. Simply put, linking the personal lantern to the Central Power Battery fortifies and magnifies all systems. Practical consequences include increasing power draw from the fracture and increased fracture stability."

"So, if I don't connect to the Central Power Battery, and put the lantern into subspace..."

"High probability of fracture evaporation."

"The personal lantern would permanently shut down."

"Affirmative."

Not doing that, then. "Does not having a connection create any other problems?"

"Affirmative. Eventual fracture collapse is inevitable. A connection with the Central Power Battery extends personal lantern life expectancy indefinitely."

"Collapse? How soon?"

"Estimated remaining lifespan one hundred ten thousand four hundred ninety five local years."

Fuuw. I can live with that. "Does this personal lantern have some sort of.. camouflage mode?"

"No. However, this lantern is capable of generating a subspace vacuole to conceal itself."

"I thought you just told me it couldn't do that without shutting down?"

"Ring based storage utilises power ring signature as the connection point. This permits storage mobility, but causes fracture instability in unconnected personal lanterns. The lantern's own system retains a small connection to the external world, resulting in lantern immobility while in use."

"How small a connection?"

"Two point one cubic nanometres."

"No risk of collapse?"

"No significant loss of active lifespan predicted. However, this system is much less secure, and can be breached by less advanced subspace manipulation systems."

Abra Kadabra aside... Should be safe, for the most part. Just have to put it somewhere that isn't obvious. Hmm. Haven't yet recharged since that excitement in Atlantis. I hold out the ring.

"Recharge."

Nothing makes the world feel more right than recharging the ring. I feel better about having had the argument with Diana as soon as the orange beam hits. Confidence, that's what it means to me. I'll go and smooth things over with her, then talk to her about Robert? I've been trying to find a good time, but Batman's a pretty busy guy. But first...

I pick up my personal lantern, and hold it over the foot of my bed.

"Lantern, occlude."

The lantern vanishes by degrees. It's almost as if it's turning out of sight, into dimensions I can't perceive. I run a scan, and the ring can still detect it. Hmm.

Kon and M'gann will probably be leaving for school before too long. Does Kon expect me to be joining them? Agh, I need to try and smooth things over there as well.

"Ring, take me to Kon."

My bedroom is replaced by the cavernous pool area. Kon's working on his bike. After the thing with the robot monkeys I spent time learning how to ride my scooter properly, but I took out all of the weird super hero adaptations when I rebuilt it. Kon's taken to working on his manually. I think he finds the focusing therapeutic, plus it helps integrate the mechanical engineering knowledge with which he was programmed.

The sphere is circling him, like a puppy with a ball in its mouth. I need to try and find out roughly how intelligent it is. Are we talking animal? Small child? Adult? Something completely unrelated to Human development? I think I've located Scott Free, but approaching him could be a bit tricky.

"Jealous much?"

Kon's looked around to the sphere, in the opposite direction from where I'm standing. The sphere twitters musically. Is it bored? Maybe I could build it some sort of giant marble run?

"No, I'm sure that your heart's big enough for me and the bike."

His head jerks back around. "Hey Paul! When'd you get back?"

"About half an hour ago. Look, I'm really sorry about leaving you like that after the fight with Ocean Master. I didn't.. really.. know what to do."

"Uuh, it's okay, but, why didn't you come and find me when you got back?"

I walk over and sit down next to him. "Had a bit of an argument with Diana. Upshot is, I completed the compulsory part of the British education system over a year ago and won't be joining you at school."

"Oh."

Yep, downcast as predicted.

"Ready for school?"

M'gann flies down the steps which lead from the kitchen area. Diana, Red Tornado and Mister J'onzz are just behind her. Teekl is flying with her. Flying for M'gann? I feel a little betrayed by that.

"I made our lunches!"

Kon and I stand, Kon wiping his hands on a rag. I always had a plastic lunchbox, but it seems that paper bags are de rigueur here. Wouldn't the stuff inside get squashed all the time?

"The first day of the scholastic season carries great cultural resonance."

Not sure what it's like on Mars Mister J'onzz, but I always felt more of a 'ugh, here we are again' myself.

M'gann lands next to Kon, while Teekl lands on the sphere, which responds by growling its engine. Teekl stares down at it for a moment, then dawks it.

"We want to wish you.. both, well."

I make brief eye contact with Diana. She doesn't look particularly annoyed. I jerk my eyes and head in the direction of Kon. She dips her head slightly in acknowledgement, then focuses on Kon.

"Yes. I will be reading your report card at the end of the year, and I expect you to learn as much in the classroom as you do in the training ring."

Kon straightens. "I will. I won't disappoint you."

There's a slight creak as Red Tornado focuses his attention on M'gann. "Miss Martian. Do you intend to attend school in your current form?"

M'gann claps her hands, then spreads out her arms and legs. "Ah! I spent hours choosing this outfit."

The change in her shapeshifting clothing spreads from her feet upward. She ends up with tall white socks, black shoes, a white t-shirt, and dark pink headband, skirt and.. jacket.. thing? The skirt has a narrow black belt with a gold buckle. Or rather, I suppose it probably doesn't, being a shapeshifted replica rather than an actual belt. Maybe? After how embarrassed she got when I asked about it the first time I've not broached the subject again.

"Can M'gann M'orzz pass as an Earth girl now?"

Red Tornado regards her for a moment. "Unlikely."

"Just kidding!"

In an instant her skin turns from green to pale pink. It's actually quite close to what my colour is these days as I've been getting a good deal more sun that I used to. Kon's still fairly pale. I suppose that his fortitude also protects his skin from ultraviolet damage.

M'gann turns on the spot to show off her new form. "Meet Megan Morse!" She curtsies, then turns to Kon. "What's your new name?"

Kon thinks about it for a moment. "Ah, you said you liked Conner, right? Why can't I just be Conner El?"

I smile, and lean forward. "The whole point of having a secret identity is that it's different from your super identity. Kon-El to Conner El is a bit obvious."

Mister J'onzz's form ripples as a navy blue suit replaces his black Manhunter uniform. "I chose the name 'John Jones' for myself, and suggested 'John Smith' for Red Tornado."

Mister J'onzz's Human-seeming form is that of a bald black man here. I distinctly remember him primarily using a white alter ego in the comics. Is that the product of him arriving on Earth decades later, in different social conditions? Or maybe he made a connection between Caucasian Humans and White Martians?

"Perhaps you could use 'Johnson' as your family name?"

I seem to remember the name 'John' meaning something about light in Ca'andran. 'Son of the Light'? That just sounds silly.

Kon looks at Diana. Oh, I see where this is going.

"What's yours?"

She hesitates for a moment. "Amazons don't tend to use them. Those few Amazons born since the Exile were once called 'the Younger', but that had fallen out of use by the time of my birth. When I joined the All-Star Squadron and their paperwork required that I have one I simply gave my mother's name."

Kon crosses his arms. "Then I'll pass."

Mister J'onzz is not so easily dissuaded. "Perhaps, Kent?"

He didn't.

He did. I seem to remember using the 'K' word myself in the desert when I first encountered Kon, but I don't think that Kon remembers it. He certainly hasn't asked about it.

M'gann seems to likes it. "Oh. In memory of Doctor Fate! The late Kent Nelson."

"Uh-of course."

Good save. Mister J'onzz shifts back to his Martian form. Or rather, his sort of Martian form. Now, let's see...

**[My arm over his shoulder. I'm grinning.] Smooth sir, very smooth. Why not suggest that he wear glasses, and study journalism?**

His eyes dart to me for a moment. I think. It's a little hard to tell. None of the others appear to have heard that.

"Okay. Sure. Guess it'd be an honor, or something."

Looks like Kon likes it, -well, is prepared to tolerate it- and so he becomes Conner Kent anyway. Is that narrative causality or historical imperative or just plain weird? I'm trying to keep my amusement from my face.

"Well, Conner Kent, timetochangeyourshirt."

She's actually batting her eyelids. Kon looks down at his 'S', and puts his right hand over it protectively. M'gann pokes him.

"You don't wanna reveal your identity."

Kon reaches up and pulls his t-shirt over his head. M'gann bites her lip as she ogles his broad muscular chest. Honestly. As it comes off Kon turns the t-shirt inside out and holds it out to M'gann, the 'S' now hidden from view.

"Will this work?"

She's blushing. "Works for me."

Come on M'gann, you've seen his bare torso before.

"Thaaat's not really a disguise. I think people are probably intelligent enough to add an 'S' on their own. Can I lend you a shirt? I'm sure the ring can alter something to your size."

He shrugs. "Sure."

I move the t-shirt into subspace. This gives M'gann an unobstructed view, and she takes full advantage.

!All together!

!All mine!

"Kon, do you have a colour preference? I've got white, blue and orange."

"Not white, and orange is kinda your thing."

"Quite true. Right then, ring, alter one blue shirt to Kon's dimensions."

"Compliance"

Purely coincidentally, the orange scanning beam projects from my eyes. It runs over him once from head to toe before moving back the other way and transposing the shirt onto him. Perfect fit. Probably not a combination of clothes I would have picked out, but I don't think he's ever shown any interest in other clothes. Have to take him shopping some time.

Whaw. Did I just mentally volunteer to go clothes shopping with someone?

Kon holds out his arms to get a good look at it. He doesn't seem to be that bothered one way or another, and lowers them. M'gann takes telekinetic hold of the lunch bags, then takes Kon's arm to lead him to the exit. As he passes me he frowns for a moment.

"Wait. Shouldn't I be Conner Nelson?"

Mister J'onzz sighs. "They grow up so fast."

Diana looks at me. "Yes, they do."

"Look, um, I'm sorry about that. I should have realised that you wouldn't magically know how old I was."

She dismisses the matter with a wave of her left hand. "Since you're not going to school, what plans do you have for today?"

I fold my arms against my chest. "I was pretty much just going to laze around, watching TV and smoking marijuana."

No reaction from Red Tornado or Mister J'onzz. Diana raises an eyebrow. Oh well, I tried.

"I'm going to follow up on the Bialya mission. I think there are couple of people on Earth who come from the same place as the sphere, and I want to talk to them about it. Maybe see if they can take it back."

Diana nods. "How have they escaped being noticed?"

"They look Human, and one of them is the New God of Freedom. Trapping him, even metaphorically, is pretty much impossible."

Mister J'onzz narrows his eyes slightly. "Your description of these.. 'New Gods'... It seems a little..."

"I know. That's why I wasn't going to add anything to the Justice League database until I'd been able to confirm it, but-."

I point to the sphere. It warbles. Oh.

"The son of Highfather and his wife, since you ask."

A series of beeps.

"No, his natural son. I said Freedom, not the Glory of War."

Mister J'onzz looks from me to the sphere. "You were able to understand what the sphere said?"

"Sort of. The ring doesn't turn it into words, but I can generally understand what it means."

Diana looks at Mister J'onzz, then Red Tornado. "I can understand it as well. Red?"

"No. I have been attempting to decode its sounds since it arrived here with no success. I find it odd that the two of you understand it so easily."

"It's not that strange. Metaphysically, Diana's probably a lot like a New God." I hold out my left hand, palm outward, and do the glowing flame thing Alan does when he flies. "And the ring is letting me fake it. I know I can't understand it when I'm not wearing it. Have the Greenies come up with anything useful?"

Diana and Mister J'onzz exchange looks. Oh, come on, by this stage you should be able to do telepathic consultations without looking at each other. Mister J'onzz responds for them.

"They are.. discussing with the Guardians what information can be released."

"That sounds about as helpful as I was expecting. I'll write up what I think I know later, but don't treat it as guaranteed."

Diana focuses on me for a moment. "I though you said that your ring doesn't have a database?"

Whoops.

"I.. exaggerated a bit. Doesn't have much of one, and most of what's there isn't very useful, especially as I can't confirm it until my year's up."

Her eyes dart away for a moment when I say 'year'. She doesn't feel bad about that, does she? I still think it's a fair trade. "Hm. Very well. I will accompany you to meet this 'god of freedom'."

"Ooh. Um. Sir, you understand that they're here to hide from the New God of Tyranny? They're probably not going to be happy about having their cover blown. I was.. kind of planning to keep it to a minimum..."

"Orange Lantern, I have the greatest respect for what you have managed to achieve since receiving your ring, but you are still my student. Diplomatic contacts like this need to be conducted by League members."

"Yes sir."

"If their anonymity is such a concern, we can keep their identities between the two of us."

I nod. I hadn't expected that she'd want to get involved, but it wouldn't hurt to have her support. Now that I think about it, the only combat mission I've actually gone with her on where I was fully participating was dealing with that kraken that was attacking shipping in the Skandage. Not sure why she got called in on that one. Kraken aren't part of Greek mythology, but I suppose when a giant monster is attacking people you can't be too fussy.

Diana takes a step towards the zeta tubes, and I turn to follow her.

"Paul. A moment, if you will."

I wonder what Mister J'onzz wants? I turn back. Diana stops as well, probably as curious as me.

"A moment ago you sent an extremely clear telepathic message to me, and I do not believe anyone else was able to hear it. Diana?"

She shakes her head. "I didn't hear anything."

"Yeah, M'gann said that I'd taken to telepathy surprisingly easily."

He looks at me for a moment. "I do not think that you appreciate exactly how unusual what you are doing is. When M'gann told me that you were able to induce tactile sensation I was.. sceptical."

Aaaaaaagh.

"Oh, look, it was after our memories got wiped. I already apologised to her about it, she seemed okay and I backed off as soon as..."

His eyes widen slightly.

"And you didn't know about that." I look down, and wrinkle my nose. "You didn't know about that. Right."

There's a pause. Uuuuooooh.

He looks away from me. "You, and M'gann, are both mature young people. I am certain that she would have mentioned it if she found the experience... Uncomfortable."

This, actually, doesn't feel as awkward as I thought it would. I wonder if that's the ring's doing? I'd still rather not be having this discussion.

"Sir, love to talk about this some more, but,-" I point both index fingers at Diana, who now has both eyebrows raised. "-duty calls. Is there anything you need to say to me urgently?"

"I.. do not believe so."

"Right! Nice talking to you." I nod. "Red Tornado."

I turn around in what I hope is a definitive way and walk towards Diana.

"Come on Teekl, Sphere. Walkies."

"Recognised, Wonder Woman, zero three, Orange Lantern, B zero six, Teekl, C zero one, Sphere, C zero two."

The zeta terminus nearest the home of Scott and 'Barbara' Free is in a Wayne Enterprises owned dockside warehouse on the shore of Hartford, Connecticut. Its neighbours are actually used for secure storage, so it doesn't look odd that this one has sophisticated security devices on the exterior, as well as armoured sides and anti-scanning insulation. Its other form of security comes from the fact that Bruce Wayne basically owns this town, being its largest employer and having donated generously to several civic projects. I'm not exactly sure what it is they do here, all of the area's other major companies appeared to be insurance providers.

Teekl zips in front of my face as I follow Diana to the exit.

"Teekl number one? Teekl queen?"

"Teekl, that's not how it w-." And there's a paw on my nose. I can just feel the claws against my skin. Bet Larfleeze never has to put up with this. "Tell you what, you can be the Sphere's queen."

Her head tilts slightly to the side as she withdraws her paw, and then she flies over to land at Diana's feet. Diana bends down and rubs her head.

"I hadn't appreciated how alive she is."

"I was expecting her to be a bit more obedient as well."

"Was she always able to talk?"

"I didn't hear her speak when she was with Klarion. Teekl? Were you always able to talk?"

Her tail waves back and forth. "Only Klarion hear." She stalks off to sniff the corner of the room.

"What does she mean?"

"Not sure. Power rings can translate for animals. Maybe Klarion didn't share his ability to understand her?"

"Power rings can translate animal sounds? I hadn't realised that."

"I think it's mostly interpreting gestures. They aren't really saying what you hear."

She walks over to a computer console, and checks that internal security hasn't been compromised.

Ring, check for listening devices, then secure room.

Compliance.

Diana turns back to me as the walls, floor and ceiling begin to glow orange. She looks around for a moment.

"Very thorough. Now, tell me about the people we're here to meet."

"Sir." I raise my hands, and create constructs in the shape of our targets. "Scott and Barbra Free, aka Mister Miracle,-"

His costume was easy to locate, as he wears it on publicly available advertising material. I create an additional image next to his normal guise for comparison.

"-and Big Barda."

She's running self defence classes at one of the local gyms. I didn't want to risk scanning their home in case they picked up on it, and as a result I've had to rely on memory for her armour. Tight fitting mail, skirt thing, mega rod and weird helmet. That was about it, wasn't it? Should probably mention it to Diana.

"I don't guarantee that I've got her armour completely correct. I'll give their house a scan when we get there and inform you of any major errors on my part."

Diana walks over to the armoured image. Barda is actually at least a foot taller than her, and noticeably more muscular.

"Impressive."

"Don't get your hopes up. My files suggest that, having done a lot of fighting for Darkseid, she's more interested in a quiet life here rather than getting involved in our line of work."

"What's she the New God of?"

"No idea. Honestly, that dual existence thing might just be for their aristocrats."

The sphere had been heading for the exit, but it's rolled back to the image of Mister Free and is bleeping excitedly.

"She isn't one of their aristocrats?"

"No. Elite warrior, but not properly part of the ruling group. She was part of Darkseid's bodyguard... But I say again, I haven't been able to check a lot of this data yet."

"And her husband is an aristocrat?"

"Yes, as the son of Highfather, ruler of New Genesis. The 'good guys', if you like. Highfather was a friend of Darkseid's brother, before said brother was assassinated on Darkseid's order."

"He had his own brother killed?"

"His mother, too. Though, to be fair, Queen Heggra was completely horrible."

"It seems to run in the family."

"She trained him in it. Intentionally, I mean. She believed that Apokolips needed the greatest tyrant as its ruler, someone completely ruthless and cruel. I don't know if she was proud of her success or not."

"How did Scott Free and Barda meet?"

"As part of the treaty which ended the last major war between Apokolips and New Genesis, the rulers of both worlds sent their sons as hostages to the other. Darkseid's son Orion was raised by Highfather, while Scott Free was sent to a facility run by the New God of Child Abuse in an attempt to break his will. Didn't work, and eventually he escaped to Earth."

"The New God of... They have a god for that!?" Diana is clearly horrified.

"Goddess, actually. Her name is Granny Goodness, and she is part of the inner circle. Very good at breaking young minds, and then rebuilding them into whatever Darkseid wants. I don't have a picture, but think short fat old woman with a perm. Basically, shoot on sight."

"And Highfather willingly delivered his son into her care?"

I shrug. "It stopped the war. Maybe he was sure that Scott Free could survive and escape? If he'd stayed on Apokolips, Orion would just have turned into a copy of his father. If he was trying to do the greatest good for the greatest number..."

"Perhaps. But, still. His own son. What is Highfather the New God of?"

"Don't know. If I had to guess, I'd say loving paternal authority. He's basically Zeus without the philandering."

I can feel her desire to defend her god. Of all peoples, why the heck do the Amazons still revere him? The fact that she doesn't have an immediate comeback suggests to me that that part of the mythology is more or less true. Must remember to look up Cassandra Sandsmark later.

"Let's leave the comparative theology aside for now. How did you plan to approach them?"

"Walk up to their house in my civvies, ring on the doorbell." I shrug at her raised eyebrows. "Worked with Alan. I doubt they make a point of answering the door armed. If they'd wanted me to go away, I'd have done so. But, if you're coming, low key isn't really possible. I don't suppose you've got any casual clothing stored around here, have you?"

She walks over to a crate at the side of the room, and touches a panel. It opens, revealing female clothing. "It may surprise you to learn this, but I do think ahead occasionally."

"Of course sir." I walk to the far side of the room, look away and put my hands over my eyes.

"I'm just taking my boots off, Paul. The clothing goes over my armor."

"Er. Right."

"After all, I wouldn't want to make M'gann jealous, would I?"

Oh no, not this time sir.

"You know sir, I haven't actually told anyone that I know you keep at least one change of clothes at Alan's house."

A brief pause. I hear clothing being tugged on.

"When I returned to Themyscira after the Second World War, Alan offered to store some of my belongings until I decided whether I wanted to stay in the United States or not."

"And they're still there sixty years later?"

"Well,-."

"Oh, I believe you sir. I believe you. Thousands wouldn't..."

"...on life support, so King Orin is going to be busy for the next few weeks."

Turns out that King Orin didn't tell anyone specifically why he had to return home when he left the Watchtower, and it was far easier to explain what happened than listen to Diana continue to question me about my relationship with M'gann.

"You cut off his hands?"

We're walking down the suburban street that leads to the Free's home. There aren't many people up and about at this time of the morning, but there are a few and I didn't want to transfer us directly to their door in case someone saw. We're still aiming to keep this as quiet as possible.

"Only his hands and feet were unarmoured, and he was pointing an arcane weapon of a type I was unfamiliar with at a bound pregnant woman. I could have reattached them later, but the healers wanted me out of the way. I checked with Kaldur beforehand, and Atlantean rules of engagement allow-"

"I wasn't criticising the level of force you used. I'm more impressed that you picked up his vulnerabilities that quickly rather than repeatedly trying to blast armour you couldn't breach."

"Oh. Thank you."

We walk a little further. Teekl and the sphere are back at the warehouse. Diana is wearing blue jeans, white blouse and a denim jacket. I've got my environmental shield set to minimum. I don't think we stand out significantly.

"Mera's pregnant?"

"Yep. A boy, though I didn't tell her in case she didn't want to know."

"I'll have to send them my congratulations."

And I stop walking, my hands going to my face.

Diana stops as well. "What's wrong?"

"I kept his hands with me when we went back to the palace. I didn't have a bag or anything, so I put them into the ring's subspace pocket. The healers told me to get lost. I've still got them."

"You weren't planning to add them to the trophy room, I hope?"

"No! No, gods no."

"Then later today you can go back to Poseidonis and hand them over to the palace doctor."

I peel my hands away from my eyes. "Sir, was that pun intentional?"

A second of puzzlement. "I'm speaking Greek. If you heard a pun, it wasn't from me." She appears to think for a moment. "You heard me telling you to 'hand them over', didn't you?"

I nod. She smiles as she turns away, and continues down the pavement. I shake my head, and follow her.

We stop again at the path leading up to the Free's front door. She nods at me. "Ring, full scan."

And I know the house's contents. Most of it is the same as its neighbours, escapology equipment aside, but there's a hidden compartment I can't scan. Scott and Barda also give confusing results. On one level, it's reading Human organs and tissues. On another, it's like it's glitching, occasionally getting partial images of something more. They're sitting at the dining room table.

And they've both looked up. Yep, they felt that.

"They're both inside, and they know that someone scanned them. I think they're keeping their specialist equipment in a sealed compartment, but I can't scan it."

"They can block power ring scans?"

"It doesn't surprise me that it's within their technological ability. I might be able to brute force it, but that would be a bit aggressive."

She nods. "Wait here."

I nod, and she walks up the path and rings the doorbell. We wait for a moment, but nothing happens. She notices the spy hole, and moves to stand directly in front of it.

Ring, what are they-?

The door explodes outwards, hitting Diana full on and knocking her back onto the path before she uses her flight to steady herself and throws it aside.

"Raaagh!" "Just two of them. This won't take long."

Barda charges out, Mega-Rod held in a two handed grip. She's wearing a short purple dressing gown which blows open, revealing red pyjama shorts, a red cut off pyjama top and pink fluffy bunny slippers. The Mega-Rod swings down in an overhead blow and is met by Diana's bracers, raised in a cross. Barda moves back a tiny amount before reversing the butt of the Rod into Diana's face, sending her hurtling backwards past me into the road.

Yeah, they think we've blown their cover. Poop.

And now she's looking at me and armour armour armour!

My grey armour and orange construct armour appear as she sprints forward. I raise my hands.

"Barda, could we just talk-!"

"Errgh!" "Why are you even here?"

She swings the Mega-Rod right to left with the intent of smashing me in half. I transfer to just behind her.

"Barda, please try to calm-."

She bends her legs slightly, and hurls herself backwards at me. I instinctively start to duck, before realising that's stupid and transferring myself left. She steadies herself and goes into a crouch, ready to attack me again.

She really isn't wearing a bra.

Diana torpedoes into her side, grabbing her around the waist. They both go down, grappling. Barda drops the Rod as soon as Diana gets inside her reach. Diana's got that, fine, what now? I look at the doorway and see Mister Free paused there, holding a silver disc in each hand. I don't remember exactly what those do, but I don't think it would be good for us.

I transfer to just in front of him, and raise my hands in surrender. "Mister Free, we're not here to fight. Please ask your wife to stop hitting Wonder Woman."

He blinks, and lowers the discs slightly. "That's Wonder Woman?" "I told her, don't go charging out, but does she listen?"

"Yes, and-."

Barda flies through the air and hits the side of their house hard enough to break several of the slanted slats of wood which make up the frontage. She rights herself again in a second, spots me, and lunges. I take a step back and feel something press into the rear of my armour construct. What?

Barda's fist slams into the right side of my face, but rather than decapitating me or bouncing off my construct faceplate I spin with my abdomen as the axis. I make a full dizzying rotation head over heels as she fails to arrest her momentum and my head comes back around again just in time to get a face full of New Goddess boob. That sends me spinning sideways and into the air before I flick the damn enerjam off and steady myself. Enerjam, is that what they're called? Not sure.

Diana flies at Barda at head height, pulling Barda's face straight into her knee. As Barda staggers back I eliminate the friction from under her feet and she goes down.

!Pointless stop stop stop!

She's not going to listen, she needs to see something. Sphere! I transfer back to the warehouse. No point worrying about secrecy at this point. A quick scan, and then another transfer to the place the sphere and Teekl wandered off to. Fortunately, they only went as far as the seafront, and I don't think anyone's seen them. I materialise, stick a hand on each one, extend my environmental shield and then transfer back to the Free's front lawn.

The sphere starts warbling happily as soon as it sees them. Mister Free and Barda look around in surprise, and Diana takes advantage of the opening to lunge up and toward her, bring her fist down on the top of her head and driving her to the ground hard.

!No wrong no!

A mechanical claw construct grabs Diana and pulls her back and the sphere rolls up to Mister Free and beeps loudly.

"Sorry about that sir, but we need to deescalate."

Mister Free kneels and places his right hand on the sphere. "I can understand it." "It's the same technology as Mother Box, but I don't recognise the configuration."

How else to help?

I wave my right hand and the front panels of the house fuse back together. I gesture with my right palm and the door floats over to the doorway and reattaches, unbroken and unbent. I turn and the lawn levels out. Then I take a deep breath and float over to land next to Barda.

"Can I offer you a hand up?"

She glares at me, scowling. I give up on smiling and just lift her to her feet instead. Once she's upright she tries swatting the construct away, but I let it dissipate first.

"Sir? Mister and Missus Free? Might I suggest that we move this off the street?"

Mister Scott looks each way down the road and tightens the muscles in the corners of his eyes, as if tasting something unpleasant. "I think it's a bit late for that." "Oh, not again."

We all turn and take in the rest of the street. There aren't as many rubberneckers as there would be inside a city but I'd say that with all the neighbours looking on in horror -through windows for the closer ones, out on the street if they're further away- we've lost plausible deniability.

Or maybe we just need to lie bigger.

I take a video camera out of subspace and raise it to my eye, panning it around without turning it on.

"And that's a wrap! We can go again if you want Missus Free, but don't think we'll get it any better with another take!" I lower the camera. "It's a good job Mister Free knows so much about explosives! That would never have worked so well without the special effects!"

Stares of utter disbelief from Diana and Barda. I think that Mister Free is trying not to laugh.

"We can work out how you want it cut now if you like! I can plug this right into your computer, inside!"

The grin is back, and I'm nodding my head vigorously in the direction of the now restored door.

Diana takes a few paces towards me. "Orange Lantern, no one's going to believe that."

"They will if there's no official follow up, so when we get inside you'll need to phone the police. Also, you might need to turn up at one of Missus Free's self defence classes."

Barda is now squinting at me with her left eye. "I didn't know that Earth had a God of Bullshit." "Scott, could that work? I don't want to move again either."

Mister Free steps away from the door as if to invite us in. "That might work, if we get off the street now." "New York was totally your fault. You know that, right?"

Camera held out in such a way that it would be obvious to onlookers, I walk into their home. Barda's following closely behind me, having paused to pick up her Mega-Rod. "I'll put the coffee on." "It said five items or less!"

Their table is still set for breakfast. There's some carbonised bacon on the plate in front of the seat Mister Free walks past me to occupy, next to a bowl that holds the residue of some sort of cereal. The sphere takes up station next to him as I come to a halt in front of the table. Barda strides past into the kitchen area, Teekl rubs against my left leg and Diana closes the door as she brings up the rear. The other plate on the table holds some half eaten toast. The toast is plain.

I meet Mister Free's eyes as he passes Diana the phone. "We might have got away with it."

I hope we have, anyway. Diana takes the phone, then walks into the living room to attempt to dissuade the police from bombing the place.

Mister Free pats the sphere, which responds by doing a theremin impression.

"After we detected a boom tube from Apokolips last week, we were expecting company. Just not from the Justice League." "And I could not be more relieved."

"The sphere there was all that came through, as far as my team were able to tell."

I shift back to civilian clothing, drop my construct armour and turn down my environmental shield.

"You know of Apokolips?" "There goes the neighbourhood."

"A bit. That's why we're here. We picked up the sphere in Bialya. If Bialya's trading with Apokolips, knowing a bit isn't good enough."

He nods. There's a gurgling noise from the kitchen, and he starts to look around before stopping himself. "I suppose something like this was inevitable." "Goodbye, splendid isolation."

Barda stalks out of the kitchen having retied her dressing gown, and thrusts a cup of coffee into my chest. "Coffee." "See, I can be polite to guests."

"Ah, thank you, but I don't-."

"Coffee. You will drink it." "What's wrong with my coffee?"

"Yes sir." I put my hands on the mug and she lets go, staring at me expectantly. I don't like coffee, but if it makes things easier...

Ring, I want to taste blackcurrant.

Compliance.

I bring the mug to my lips and take a gulp. Yep, blackcurrant. Good work, ring.

"Lovely. Thank you."

She actually smiles a bit, then turns to walk around behind Mister Free, putting her hands on his shoulders. Diana comes back in and hands the phone to Mister Free. That was quick.

"That was quick?"

"There's a protocol for this sort of thing. I just had to give an address."

Mister Free looks up at Barda for a moment, then turns his attention to Diana. "So, what does the Justice League need from us?"

I'm sitting at the main computer in the training area, trying to remember everything I ever learned about the New Gods. Scott Free and Barda agreed that it was in their interest to provide information, though neither of them want to be active participants in League activities. Maybe that will change later. They both had things to do today, and since we don't have intelligence of an imminent attack Diana agreed to leave them to it. Hopefully we'll have a better idea of what's going on once they've had time to put pen to paper.

Barda got over that whole tearing-up-the-front-garden incident really quickly. She and Diana left together to visit her gym, and I strongly suspect that my mentor now has a new sparring partner. The sphere opted to come back with me to the mountain, and Teekl found the whole thing rather dull. They're around -somewhere- but both lost interest in me when it became apparent that I was just going to sit here and work.

The reason the Frees linked a polite knock at the door to the boom tube in Bialya was that -as I had earlier guessed- Diana 'feels' like a New God. And apparently the orange light 'feels' Apokoliptian. They aren't familiar with other forms of super-advanced technology. I'm going to have to be more careful about scanning New Genesisians in future.

Out of all the toys Mister Free showed me while Barda and Diana were bonding over unarmed combat techniques, I recognised only the discs. They're his Aero-Discs, Enerjams are much smaller and do something completely different. He stuck it on my back because he wasn't sure that I could take Barda hitting me. The Disc converted the kinetic energy of her strike into spinning motion. It was only due to the ring that I wasn't disabled by dizziness. They have one Mother Box -Barda's- between them, and while they could use it to generate a boom tube the forces of Apokolips would detect that almost immediately. I was surprised to learn that Mister Free never had one. I guess they don't give valuable equipment like that to mere Aero-Troopers. He's been slowly trying to rebuild his old tools here on Earth. Slow and difficult, but he actually laughed when Diana offered him a scrambler for his phone line.

In practical terms, I now know how to detect boom tubes with the ring. I can't honestly claim to have understood the description of how it functions, but Mister Free did have a container holding a group of what he called 'super inflated gravitons' in storage, and apparently those appear in a very particular pattern around a boom tube terminus. I'll know for sure next time one is used, I suppose. One other point of interest is that Mister Free has never been to New Genesis. He knows that Highfather Izaya the Inheritor is his father, but since he doesn't remember him at all he doesn't feel any particular need to prioritise visiting.

Only odd thing was them both insisting that I'd shouted 'Pointless stop stop stop' just before I went to pick up the sphere, and I certainly don't remember doing that. They were so sure that I checked with the ring, and it agreed with me. Strange, but then again they are aliens. Maybe the Apokoliptican language uses a lot of gestures? I don't think the ring would translate those the other way. Maybe I should test that?

Sitting down and writing about the military of Apokolips has reminded me of one of the Tales of the New Gods characters whose story I rather liked. Need to remember to ask Barda whether or not Canis Minor exists. I remember his story ending with Darkseid ordering Kanto to kill him, but I've no idea if or when that might happen. If he even exists here. I know that Parademons are a serious threat, but I'm having trouble imagining what the Dog Soldiers would actually look like. People couldn't take that seriously when Games Workshop did it in Warhammer 40,000, for goodness sake.

The console beeps at me. Incoming message from Red Arrow? I tap the button to answer it.

"Domino's Pizza. Can I take your order?"

There's a pause.

"Who is this?"

"Orange Lantern two eight one four. And you're Red Arrow. Good morning. How have you been?"

"Put Kaldur on."

"Kaldur's in Poseidonis, and everyone else is at school. Can I take a message?"

I hear a sigh. "I need access to the Justice League's database, and the exact height of the League of Shadows assassin known as Onyx."

"One moment, just confirming your identity..."

A small orange model of his immediate environment forms next to me. He's standing outside a conference centre of some sort, behind one of the decorative pillars at the entrance. He's in Taipei, and the gathered press seems quite excited about something. I swirl my right index finger around as I call up the information he wants. I only remember Onyx in the comics from when she worked for Batman as some gang leader's bodyguard. I haven't bothered reading up on her here because, well, the evidence so far has suggested that ninjas aren't a threat to me.

"Nice suit. Alright, she's one metre seventy one."

"Um. In feet?"

"Err... Five foot six. You want me to back you up? I can be with you in about twenty seconds."

"Please. The last thing I need is the Junior Justice League."

"A'ight. Suit yourself."

Ring, is whatever's happening in that building important?

News reports indicate that a meeting between the representatives of North Rhelasia and South Rhelasia is taking place. Scans detect heightened levels of military activity on their shared border.

Right. Korea might not be called Korea here, but it's history is pretty similar. Only difference is that it's not ruled by a Kim, but by a military aristocracy. Like Burma, I suppose. If the conference goes badly I suppose there might be a limited military exchange, but I think I'm too jaded about stuff like that to really care.

The little orange model of Red Arrow has it's bow out, and is ducking behind a bush. Security there must be really bad if he can get that close.

Person of interest detected.

Onyx isn't a person of interest. That's a very short list.

Who?

The image zooms in on a limousine which is just pulling up to the gates leading to the conference centre, and then enters the vehicle.

Alexander Luthor? Good call, ring. Who's that in the car with him? Mercy Graves if I remember Superman: the Animated Series correctly... A gynoid? No, the ring's feeding me her schematics. Cyborg. The same structural reinforcing that idiot with the hook had, but at least her right forearm contains a concealed gun rather than a fishing line. Some sort of plasma pulse weapon, and there's a smattering of other augmetics throughout her body. Looks like fairly conventional technology -if a little better than anything on the market at present- so I doubt she gets many shots before she needs to recharge.

I transfer the scan data to the Justice League's systems.

Ring, why is Mister Luthor at a peace conference?

LexCorp subsidiaries do business with both countries. Diplomatic communications from both sides indicate that they have accepted his offer to serve as a mediator.

I have spent a significant amount of time looking into Mister Luthor. I haven't been able to find any systematic financial irregularities. There are occasions where it looks like bribery -or at least generous campaign contributions. Why the heck do Americans elect judges anyway?- might have been made, but there's nothing concrete in the electronic records. Supervillains? LexCorp is licensed to research Kryptonite, which is fairly uncommon here. I think I recognised a few names on the employee roll, but again, no smoking gun. Whenever anything seriously dodgy has happened there's always been several gaps between it and Mister Luthor, to the point where if I didn't have 'special' knowledge I don't think I'd be able to convince myself of his involvement.

Duuuusuh. If Red Arrow thinks that the League of Shadows are targeting this conference, it might be worth me putting in an appearance in person. There are aspects of the personal philosophy of some versions of Lex Luthor that could be useful to me, and our species as a whole. I need to know which version I'm dealing with. Plus, I would sort of like to ask him about Kon. I did tell Kon that I knew the source of his Human tissue, but he's never asked for a name.

I get up, armour up, and transition to the mountain's back door. Apparently, when I use the ring's FTL I leave a wavy orange line behind me which persists for a fraction of a second. People would probably dismiss one or two, but if I keep leaving the mountain like that it will be noticed. I program a route to Taipei which takes me a long way out to sea before curving to my eventual destination. Not the conference centre itself, I don't intend to get close without seeing the area with my own eyes. There's an orange neon sign a few streets away that should conceal me.

Engage.

Glowing orange sign in front of me. Looks like I've arrived. Ring, remote view.

Roy is pinned beneath a woman I immediately recognise as Onyx, who in turn is surrounded by armed guards with automatic rifles levelled at her head. Someone needs to teach them about overpenetration; they're going to shoot each other if she decides to risk making a break away. How the heck did she even get that close? Don't they check people? Don't they have perimeter guards?

She puts her hands behind her head instead, and one of the guards stows his weapon and puts plastic cuffs on her. That must have been just about the worst assassination attempt ever. Is Ra's really that stupid? I know that most of his trained people weren't on Infinity Island when the League smashed it, but he still isn't in a position to waste them like this. A distraction of some kind?

Ring, scan Onyx.

Scan complete.

She's physically fit and healthy, isn't carrying anything the ring recognises as an arcane device, and doesn't have any seriously concealed weapons. How the heck was she planning to get away, even if her attack was successful? And how was I able to scan her? After Infinity Island Ra's found a way to avoid my more sophisticated scans, and that immunity spread among the remaining known Shadow operatives faster than I could grab them. But I can scan her. The black in these lentils is so big there's barely any lentil left.

Oh dear. I'm going to have to do the thing with the ring. I hate the thing.

"Ring, omnicognisance, half a second."

Dughergherghugherghughergherghughahghugh.

I hate the thing. It doesn't literally make me omnicognisant, but it does feed everything that could affect anything around me through my brain all at once, while providing me with just enough support to avoid haemorrhaging. The power consumption's ridiculous, and it makes me feel like curling up in a ball every time I use it. I'm leaning on the sign for support as I try to get my brain down to a mere fourth gear.

Quick, come on, what did I just know? No, I don't need the number of electrons in the bush Roy was hiding behind. I don't need his deodorant brand. Come on, weapons, threats... No, not the visual range of the damn combat maid, I doubt Mister Luthor would risk being accompanied by something with a computer system that wasn't isolated. She's carrying a computer, for goodness sake. Wait, why are they pointing their weapons at Roy? No, no, he can manage that.

Tied. Rope. Enclosed. Yes, yes, what else?

Venom Buster.

Scan scan scan!

I can't detect the poor bastard tied to the vial, but I can detect the drug itself. He's in one of the kiosks around the edge of the park area in front of the convention centre. Everyone's watching Roy and the press and other rubberneckers are gathering and he's going to plough straight through them transition now!

I'm now in mid air in front of the convention centre. The kiosk is in front of me, and I get a barrier around it just as the automated plunger sinks into the bloke inside and he erupts through the wooden structure in a geyser of grey muscle. Shit. Armour construct. The wooden fragments are contained by the barrier and now people have started screaming and running. Good good, get out of the way. I didn't think that Venom Buster worked that fast? No, not the point. Whoever that was is still roaring in confusion, but he'll start testing my barrier soon enough.

I've kept up to date on the investigation into the Venom Buster samples we recovered from Santa Prisca. Venom is a fairly comprehensible super steroid. Its effect is entirely chemical, though I suspect that the chemicals wouldn't have that sort of effect back home. Blockbuster is another kettle of fish. It does interact chemically with Venom, but there's nowhere for the extra mass it produces to come from. It certainly doesn't cause the Human body to produce its own Venom, so how does it make the boost permanent? The only thing I could think of was alchemy, but-.

"Raaaaaagh!"

Two enhanced fists rise up and swing down onto my barrier, which cracks. Doesn't matter.

Ring, scan. Tell me how we can fix him.

Unable to comply. Scan protection still in effect.

He's alternating fists now, focusing on the weak spot and hammering into it with all his fury. The rents in his outer carapace are even worse than Mister Flinders' were, and I can clearly see muscle and fat beneath. The barrier feels increasingly precarious. The soldiers and bodyguards around Roy have reorientated to face the new threat, and Red Arrow himself has risen to his feet and grabbed his bow. It's a little gratifying that no one's aimed anything at me yet.

This might actually be an opportunity. We still don't know what it is that is preventing me from scanning League of Shadow operatives.

Ring, visual scan. Any of that look magical?

No listed sigils detected.

"Red Arrow, shield dropping in nine seconds, quick hardening foam arrow if you please."

"I don't take orders from you."

"That wasn't an order, that was a re-"

The shield breaks and the monster stumbles forwards, taking Roy's foam arrow full in the chest.

"Auraaagh!

"-quest. Thank you."

Odd. I got the impression that Mister Flinders retained his full intelligence. What's going on here? And why is Mister Luthor getting out of his car?

Ring, ShockCrown Onyx to prevent shenanigans.

Compliance.

She wasn't doing much other than sitting in the police car, but I don't feel like taking the risk. Okay, the new monster was basically just wearing a kilt thing. Might even have just been a sheet someone threw over him. It was plain, anyway. Something he ingested? Could be.

The foam has hardened, covering all but the head of his hunched, elephantine form. The foam actually still has a little give in it to prevent shattering, but the man inside is giving it his best and it seems to be weakening. Roy fires another arrow, and a cloud of gas envelopes the target's head. A normal person would have been knocked out, but this guy's fine.

Why is that reporter still standing there?

Can't risk a ShockCrown without a better look at his brain structure. Wait, Flinders' peripheral nervous structure was basically the same after his transformation. A Pithing Needle should still work, and with all those holes I shouldn't have to dig my way in. Yep, there's a very painful looking opening at his neck.

Pithing Needle.

An orange line from my right shoulder terminated at his neck rupture. He shudders and stills as it blocks nonessential nervous activity. Fuuw. Alright, now to fix him. I float closer, then open my arms wide and generate sonic imaging equipment.

Ring, detailed sonic scan. What shouldn't be there?

There's a tiny ripple in the air as the emitters do their thing. The thickness of his epidermis makes it hard to make sense of the internal picture, but the ring sorts it out easily enough. He's swallowed something, a tiny piece of metal far denser than the surrounding tissue. Disrupting its physical structure should end it's effect. A shame that I wouldn't be able to-.

"Stop! Land on the ground and raise your hands!"

I'll pretend I didn't hear that. Ring, sonic scalpel, then full scan when able.

A moment, and the sonic image shows the target object bend and twist as intersecting beams of sonic energy converge with only minimal damage to the surrounding tissue.

Scan complete.

Venom Buster, and some sort of stimulant I don't immediately recognise. Manageable. Take a moment. Then focus focus focus focus.

!Flawless victory!

"Purge and repair."

The man before me shrivels inside the foam as the ring negates the effects of the drug cocktail. I hope that he makes a full recovery. My scan from immediately before his transformation and of his blood chemistry should remove any suspicion that he was a willing participant. I remove the Pithing Needle as his shrinking drops him down into the hole in the foam made by his former, larger body, and the ring knits his skin back together. I cut away the foam just as he reaches his original size and collapses to the tarmac.

I turn. That camera's pointing at me.

"Could someone please get this man some medical attention?"

I look down the barrel of the automatic rifle levelled at my face, and switch my armour construct over from 'reflect' to 'absorb'. Don't want this idiot shooting himself in the face or anything.

"You don't look like a doctor, so I'm just going to ignore you, alright?"

I turn back to the man on the floor. The whole team has been trained in performing basic first aid on Humans, but given the chemical and psychological ringer this guy's been through... Huang Jianhong, apparently. Works as a travel agent. I float him upright and lend him some clothes, the kilt not having survived his shrinkage. I scan him again. Yes, just as I feared, brain and liver damage from the Venom, plus the general shock... Um. Right. Gurney. The brain is a pretty resilient organ really, and the patterns of damage are standard between-.

"What are you doing?"

Female voice. I don't recognise it.

"Are you a doctor?"

"Ah. No?"

"Then would you mind terribly making yourself useful and getting one? Mister Huang here is showing symptoms it normally takes Venom users years to-"

I turn as I speak, and come face to face with a blonde woman being closely followed by a cameraman.

"-develop. Ah..? Miss Grant, isn't it?"

She smiles and nods. "Cat Grant, GBS News."

Our public relations training is sometime next month. That may have been an oversight.

"Orange Lantern two eight one four, and I'm still not seeing a doctor?"

Right, do the liver first. Standard damage pattern. Is he going to mind if I make him lactose tolerant? No, just do what you need to. Regenerate. Good. Yes, good...

"Why are you tying him down? I don't think he's going anywhere."

"Miss Grant, I am attempting to undo the damage caused by the cocktail of combat drugs he just had stuffed into him. I'd like professional medical advice, but since the universe seems to be conspiring against me on that score, I'm just going to..."

A little forced cell duplication, and a tiny change in chemical balances. As when I restored Kon's inner ear I don't precisely understand what these things do, but I know what they're supposed to look like. The amygdala's the worst hit, but assuming that he didn't have any head injuries beforehand he should now process memory and emotion as well as any well socialised individual.

!Higher!

In fact, why not go a little further? It's so obvious when you really look at it. A slight rearranging of blood vessels, a tweak of the neurons...

"Going to what?"

"Hm? Oh, sorry. Fix as much of it as I can."

"He just tried to attack the peace conference."

"Yes, I had spotted that."

The cerebral cortex is second worst hit. In some places I can tell where cell death has occurred. Those, I fix. Ugh, I shouldn't take the risk on a general touch up until a professional has gone over it.

"Then-."

"Miss Grant, his name is Mister Huang Jianhong. He is gainfully employed, has no criminal record or history of disorderly conduct, and until about a minute ago he was tied up in that stall over there, with a plunger full of a particularly nasty form of Venom strapped to his arm. I very much doubt that his participation in this attack was voluntary, and even if it were, the attack is over." I turn angrily. "And where's the gods damned-."

A couple of people in white uniforms with red crosses on their sleeves run down the conference centre steps.

"Uh, thank goodness. Over here!"

I make a beckoning motion with my right arm. The medic furthest forwards starts to move in my direction on instinct, then gets a better look and slows down. Oh, don't make me come over there. I shift the gurney around toward him, and his sense of duty gets the better of his trepidation. He fishes a small torch out, and checks Mister Huang's pupil dilation.

"What happened?"

"Huang Jianhong, twenty seven year old Taiwan national. He was injected with a mixture of the steroid 'Venom' and a mutagen called the Blockbuster Formula. I've removed both, but he's unconscious and there's residual damage roughly equivalent to seven years regular Venom use."

He sucks in air through his teeth.

"I've repaired most of the damage, but-."

A look of scepticism.

"You repaired his amygdala?"

A flash of my left palm. "Power rings are awesome."

He's transfixed for a moment. "Aaaaah. Right. Hey, you two!"

He gets the attention of two stretcher bearing orderlies, who hurry over. I dismiss the gurney and lift Mister Huang onto it.

"We'll take him to the convention centre's medical station until the ambulance arrives. Was anyone else hurt?"

"Don't think there's anything serious. Might be some cuts and bruises."

He nods, and heads off to check on the bodyguard-encrusted negotiators.

Alright, what now? Red Arrow's surrounded by security, but they aren't pointing weapons at him anymore, and one of them is on the radio asking for instructions. The police car containing the now paralysed Onyx is pulling away, and if they can't get her into a secure cell within the two or three hours the ShockCrown effect will last they deserve to have her escape. In the distance I can hear the siren of the ambulance.

"Do you have time to talk now?"

Oh, right. Miss Grant's still there.

"Probably, but please don't be offended if I have to rush off suddenly."

Ring, any weapons in the immediate vicinity not in the control of the security forces?

No such weapons detected. However, weapons held by League of Shadow operatives may not register.

"Ah-hem. Orange Lantern, what do you think triggered the attack?"

Supplement with sonic and electromagnetic scans, run continuous.

Compliance.

"The bald black woman was Onyx, a League of Shadow operative. Either they've got an interest in the Rhelasian conflict, or someone paid them. We'll know more once the police have had a chance to investigate."

I wait for the follow up. Nothing comes. Why is-?

"Nicely done... Orange Lantern, wasn't it?"

I know the voice from background research. I did want to talk to him, I suppose. I turn, and offer him a polite nod of acknowledgement.

"Mister Luthor. Good evening."

"You really should have stayed in the car until security had a chance to check the area."

The other news crews might be a little slower -or a little more inclined to self preservation- than Miss Grant, but they're recovering now and I'm in front of the rapidly forming security perimeter on the convention centre forecourt. Cameras, Lex Luthor, and a superhero who's just helped him. I know what he's going to do even as he steps up and holds out his right hand to me.

But I'm not Superman. I extend mine, dissipating the armour construct around it. He turns his body slightly to present a better view to the cameras. Since he's on my left, my right arm is pulled slightly across my body. He releases my hand, and puts his arm around my shoulders.

"Oh, you seem to have things under control. It was thoughtful of you to ensure that your attacker got medical treatment. And took the time to publically dismiss him as a suspect."

"He was forcibly drugged. His actions weren't his choice."

"Still, you'd be surprised how many of your colleagues wouldn't have worried about it. Do you know the man?"

"No. Fortunately, Taiwan has a computerised national identity register and I have a power ring. Power rings are awesome."

"So I see."

He turns, applying gentle pressure to my back to encourage me to go with him. Hm. I suppose my objective now is to protect the peace conference, since I'm here. But my mentors are already going to be annoyed about the pictures.

"Excuse me." I transition to a space just off the ground next to Red Arrow, and hold my arms out as the ring generates multiple monitor screens.

Ring, points of interest at random.

Compliance.

The guards start at my appearance.

"Making friends with Luthor?" Seems that Mister Harper isn't happy. Again.

"We appear to have a convergence of interests. And I don't like alienating people without good reason."

"Hmn."

Nothing much on the screens, though one of them is showing a recording of me that will shortly be playing on GBS news. If it isn't already. Looks like I film pretty well.

"Do you have any information on other Shadow operatives who might also have been contracted?"

I'm not looking directly at him myself, but I switch one of the smaller screens over to his face and see his eyes narrow at me.

"... No. I picked up Onyx's fake ID coming in at the airport."

"Using public transportation?"

"The Justice League taking out Infinity Island's made it hard for the Shadows to use front companies to hire private jets, and a boat from the mainland wouldn't have made the journey in time for the conference."

I allow myself a moment of smug. Wait a second. Not only is there now a line of security guards and police between the conference centre and the crowd, there's also a loose cluster around us.

Pfffffff.

I push the screens out of the way, and drift over to one of the security personnel.

"Um, excuse me?"

He's wearing dark glasses, but I think he's looking at me. His hands tighten slightly on his pistol, but it stays down.

"Should I? Present, y'know, credentials?"

I take my identification card out of subspace.

He looks at it, then presses a hand to his earpiece. "Red Arrow, you've got one of these, right?" I point to the card.

His mouth tightens. "No."

Really?

"Really?"

He gives me a look... Okay, not pressing that point. One of the other security guards walks over and takes the card from my unresisting hand. He looks at the card, then at me.

How many people does he know who glow orange?

"You're a member of the Justice League?"

"No no, that just means that I've been deputised by one of them. If you phone the Themysciran embas-."

"Incoming communication from a priority source."

"Um, excuse me a moment." I raise my left hand to my cheek. "Orange Lantern two eight one four?"

"Orange Lantern, why can I see you on the news?"

It's Diana.

"A League of Shadows operative tried to attack the Rhelasian peace conference. Their assassin decided to use Venom Buster.. or something like it.. on a civilian as a distraction."

"Why are you shaking hands with Lex Luthor?"

"Because he's acting as an intermediary at the conference, and was right in the line of fire when the attack happened. Guess he likes not being pulverised."

"P-. Orange Lantern, listen to me. Do not trust him. Don't accept any offers from him. Don't-."

There's a sort of beeping noise.

"Oh Hera. Don't go anywhere, I've got another call."

Oh... Kay...

I lower my hand. The security guard who took my card is standing next to Mister Luthor, who's talking on his mobile phone and nodding. Did Mister Luthor arrange the security for this? I wouldn't have thought so, but I don't really know how this sort of event gets organised. I drift back to my monitors, and sit in the air. One of the many often overlooked functions of a power ring is that it keeps your circulation fine. No pins and needles or dizziness from getting up too quickly ever.

The police car carrying the recumbent Onyx passes through the outer gates with its escort. I watch them go. Since there hasn't been another follow up attack we're probably safe for now, and with the security around I don't have to worry about interview questions.

Mister Luthor lowers his phone with a smirk.

"We have confirmation. The 'Orange Lantern' does indeed work for Wonder Woman, and-" He makes momentary eye contact with Roy. "-the other.. -Red Arrow, wasn't it?- is Green Arrow's pal."

The shortest and fattest police officer does not look happy about this. "Whoever they are, they should be questioned."

Mister Luthor smiles at him. "The Justice League vouches for them, Captain, and so does Lex Luthor. I think that-"

He nods at the pile of rock foam which still holds the shape of Mister Huang's augmented body. News photographers are taking pictures of it. I wonder if it needs some sort of special solvent..?

"-given what they've already done, it would be doing them a grave disservice to treat them as if they were under suspicion."

Captain Fatty thinks about it, then nods. Security personnel gradually move away from us. Perhaps I should consider them brave for putting themselves in a position where they might have to try and contain me, but actually I just think of them as stupid for not recognising a completely untenable position.

"I don't need any favors from you." Mister Harper shoots Mister Luthor a look of pure adolescent resentment. As he walks past me I stick out an arm and smile at him.

"Red Arrow. Gift horse, mouth. Picking a fight with Mister Luthor will simply make our job harder."

"No one asked you."

The git actually sneers at me, and pushes past. Mister Luthor doesn't react.

"Apologies. I didn't realise you wished to join that young woman behind bars."

"You may have everyone here fooled Luthor, but I know what you are."

"Oh, I don't pretend to be an angel. It just so happens that this time I'm on the side of the angels." He takes a few steps towards the conference centre doors, then looks back at me over his shoulders. "Will you be joining us?"

"Need a quick chat with my colleague first. Be riiight with you."

He acknowledges with a slight inclination of his head, then continues on slowly towards the doors.

I drop the screens and zip over to where Mister Harper is staring moodily at Mister Luthor's back.

"Red Arrow. You're angry. And I respect that, but-."

"LexCorp shell companies sell weapons to North and South Rhelasia. He's probably just here to negotiate a better price."

"Of course he sells to both sides. One of them might win if he didn't. Look, Alexander Luthor is very good at making potential opponents angry and stupid, and you are angry and he will play you. You know that, right?"

He averts his eyes, and inclines his head slightly.

"You're also a considerably more experienced investigator than I am so, given that we've defeated the first attack, what happens next?"

"The League of Shadows won't stop until the contract is fulfilled. But if they're not following up right away, we probably have a few hours before they try again."

"The thing I did to paralyse Onyx should have worn off by then. How's about I stick around here and.. put a shield in the way of anyone dodgy looking, while you work out who the next wave are and where they're coming from?"

He narrows his eyes at me, and I respond with a friendly grin. "Fine. I don't think I could stand to be in the same room as Luthor anyway."

"Best of luck. Let me know if I can help you in any way at all."

He takes a step away, then frowns. "Why's Kaldur in Poseidonis anyway?"

"Weeee kind of beat Ocean Master into a coma this morning, and it turns out he was Prince Orm all along. Things are a bit hectic."

"Oh."

I think he's blinking behind those dark glasses, but he gets over it after a moment and continues on his way back to wherever he's been basing himself.

Right. So. Dealing with Kon's other Dad. Mister Luthor's standing at the door. Why is he waiting for me? Oh well; transition.

"Glad you could join me."

He hands back my card, and I subspace it. He then steps forwards, and the glass automatic doors slide open with a slight hiss. I follow, and Mercy brings up the rear.

The lobby is large and richly upholstered. In the left and right wings medics are tending to the injured of the North and South. I don't see Mister Huang... Oh, he's being loaded onto an ambulance already. They made pretty good time. Or maybe they were here already? Not sure. A quick scan confirms that none of the injuries are serious. Actually...

Ring, remaining power?

Seventy seven percent remaining.

Should be fine. I don't usually like escort missions, but nothing I've seen the League of Shadows do suggests they have anything that's an actual threat to me.

"Hiring assassins, Li? Had you no one among your own troops to do the North's dirty work?"

Who? Oh. Prime Minister Tseng is shouting across from the south's medical station to the North's, the pink plasters on his face giving his complaint a slightly farcical air.

"I need no assassin, Tseng. Such is the method of a Southern coward."

"Good luck, Mister Luthor."

"Oh, it's mostly posturing. Even agreeing to meet like this means they risk looking weak to the hardliners back home. When the cameras aren't on them they can be surprisingly reasonable."

"Why give the cameras access to anything at all then?"

"Because they need to look strong. I.. take it that you'll be joining us for the deliberations?"

"If you'll have me. Power rings are very good at shielding things. If Red Arrow can't track the League of Shadows down before they launch another attack, I should be able to stop it."

"Feeling confident?"

"I've encountered members of the League of Shadows on two previous occasions. On neither occasion did they manage to present a significant threat to me."

"Then it sounds like we're in good hands. Now, if you'll excuse me?" He walks past the cluster of photographers, and addresses the belligerent factions. "Gentlemen, gentlemen. Shall we attempt some smiles, for the cameras?"

"Incoming communication from a priority source."

I raise my left hand to my cheek again.

"Orange Lantern two eight one four?"

"How's the conference going?"

Diana again. "No one's died yet sir. And before you say anything, I do recognise the threat Mister Luthor poses. I know he's about as trustworthy as a used lawnmower salesman. I'm not going to do anything stupid."

"I'm glad to hear it. The Rhelasian representatives seem fairly hostile."

"Mister Luthor thinks... Mister Luthor told me that he thinks they're just posing. I have to say, assassins aside, I'm not worried. The equivalent country in my home parallel is much more harshly divided, and they've managed to avoid all out war since the fifties."

"You'll have to tell me all about it some time."

"It's not that complicated. I suppose these things never are when you're not personally involved."

7th September
21:26 GMT +8

I now know more about Rhelasian history and politics than any rational person could possibly want to. The meeting has temporarily broken up, and the two parties have retreated to their separate dining areas for coffee and cool down. They certainly got less shouty once the cameras were off them, but that just gave them the opportunity to list their grievances in precise detail. I think that Mister Luthor's making some headway. They've agreed in principle to reduce their mutual military build-ups, and set up a committee to negotiate fishing rights. Honestly, I'd have said that he was giving them too much rein, but perhaps letting them vent their spleens helped?

I connected the ring to the conference centre's slightly-less-closed-than-it-used-to-be circuit cameras, supplemented by sonic, electromagnetic and radiation scans from the ring. The results are then compared to the results of a standard scan, and if the first set show someone the second doesn't, then we've got a Shadow. I've also had the ring feed me information on everyone whose face it registers. There was an episode of Justice League Animated where J'onn J'onzz tried to scan an entire city to find Lex Luthor, and ended up having an episode himself. I'm sort of starting to understand how he felt. I know names, addresses, personal histories, confirmed from multiple sources, and the whole thing is staying in my mind. Since I'm taking a break, the ring's set to notify me of any problems but isn't currently feeding me data for review.

I've taken refuge in the large room set aside for public announcements. With any luck, at some point tonight they'll be signing some sort of agreement here, but at the moment it's deserted. I'm sitting at one of the seats at the end of the long table, arms crossed and draped on the tabletop, body slumped. Today has been an unusually violent day for me, and I'm not... I'm not entirely comfortable with how well I'm handling it. Shouldn't I have trouble with cutting off a man's hands? It's not like I want to, so is the ring keeping me going?

I straighten slightly, and hold my left palm open facing me. I stare at the ring, right index finger tracing the circle on the sigil. I've been telling myself that wearing it all the time is the logical thing to do, but... Am I still me, if it overwrites my natural response with that of an idealised version of me? The body thing I don't mind, but my brain is-.

"Ah, there you are."

I straighten the rest of the way, feeling a momentary burst of guilt at occupying a seat not intended for me. No, that's stupid. "Are they starting back already? I thought we had a few more..."

Lex Luthor walks in from the 'off stage' position, arms held loosely behind his back. He shakes his head. "Oh no, we don't reconvene for anotheeer..." He checks his watch. "Twelve minutes."

I nod. He walks passed the table, and then turns along the edge of the stage. No Mercy? Ah, she's by the door.

"I wanted to have a quick chat with you before we started back."

And now I remember that in one version of his origin he got his start by killing his parents for the insurance money. I know that he didn't inherit the whole thing Smallville style here, and I doubt that any evidence of such a crime would have survived the thirty or so years since it would have to have happened.

"I'm afraid that I'm unlikely to know anything about Rhelasia that you don't, but if you think it'll help?"

He stops, centre stage, and turns his head halfway around to me. "I am finding it a little refreshing, speaking to a man in your profession who doesn't treat me with suspicion, or with outright hostility."

"There's no margin in it." I shrug. "Perhaps you're a problem and perhaps you're not. I'm not going to get excited about it until you're my problem."

A wry smile. "A commendably rational attitude." He turns fully around to me, framed by the empty room and the large rear window. "I had rather been under the impression that those rings only came in green."

"Really? I happen to know that Lanterns of at least two other colours have been active on Earth in the recent past."

His eyes stop focusing on me directly. The change is slight, and if the ring hadn't enhanced my own vision I would probably not have noticed. "Are you.. referring to Star Sapphire?"

"Never try and consume an energy field larger than your head, Mister Luthor. It tends to make a person erratic."

"Sage advice, I'm sure." His arms come forward, left across his chest, right elbow resting on his left hand, right fist to his chin. "You'll forgive me if I say that I'm a little concerned about this. You appear to be a man of good character, but... Representatives of alien organisations, given authority to act as they see fit on worlds that have no say in the matter?"

"I don't know how the Guardians handle things, but I'm sure that if Earth ever gets a unified government then my own.. overseers, the Controllers, would be perfectly happy to negotiate a treaty defining my rights and responsibilities. Since no such organisation or treaty exists, I work for the Justice League, who operate under the nearest thing to a sensible legal framework for my work that exists here. Ultimately, you can't ask a criminal if they mind being arrested. There are worlds out there that are home to truly vile civilisations, and Lanterns may be called upon to act against them for the good of the rest of the galaxy. Asking them if they're happy with that is a non-starter."

"They would only negotiate with a unified planetary government?"

"Those advanced alien civilisations I know about, virtually all of them have some sort of central authority. I'm not sure they'd mind talking to someone else, exactly, but I doubt they'd think it was worth their time, talking to a relatively small nation state."

"Mmm. And how would one get in contact with these.. Controllers? I assume.. through you..?"

"Not until my probation's up. Ten months, if you're wondering. The Greenies could do it now, but..."

I wave at him, and he nods. "Yes, I see."

"The only other alternative is travelling to Maltus, and I don't think that Earth technology is quite up to the task." Hm. Now's as good a time as any, I suppose. Ring, brain scan. "Actually Mister Luthor, while you're here, there was something I wanted to talk to you about."

"Oh? What would that be."

"Well, a lot of people seem to have the impression that a superhero's job is to use their powers to make the world a better place. But, in my experience, it mostly just involves preventing it from getting worse. I mean, this conference. We both want it to work, but, if you fail, a war happens. If you succeed, a war that isn't happening at the moment continues to not be happening. Worth doing, certainly, but it's a bit... Lacking? The best case is that things carry on as they are."

"Ideally, these negotiations will form the starting point of a gradual reduction of tensions throughout the Rhelasian peninsula. If we're fortunate, we will be able to prevent future altercations of this kind, and both countries will be able to divert resources away from military spending and on to projects which help their people. Making their lives better, rather than guarding against them getting worse, as you put it. Improving the lives of seventy four million people is hardly an insignificant success."

"But my participation is limited to preventing the League of Shadows from murdering you. Maybe I'm just being.. arrogant, but I'd like to see an improvement that I did. I mean, even the Shadows managed to get hold of the Blockbuster Formula from Cadmus, combine it with Venom, then utilise it to pursue their objective. There's all this super advanced technology around, and no one uses it to the benefit of people as a whole. Miss Graves' arm-"

I turn and point in her direction.

"-is less sophisticated than something Thomas Morrow built seventy years ago. That, shouldn't happen. And the superheroes are nearly as bad."

He raises an eyebrow.

"Do you see any supercomputers based on Kryptonian crystal technology around the place?"

He nods. "What would you like to do about it?"

"I don't know. Give STAR Labs a truly obscene amount of money? Work on commercialising what they produce? Did you know that when James Dyson came up with the cyclone vacuum cleaner idea, he went to Hoover with it first. After they refused to buy it and he built his own company, he spoke to one of their executives and they told him that if they'd know what was going to happen, they'd have bought the patent off him and sat on it. Because they had the market working just as they liked it. And stuff like that's probably happening everywhere, in every field of innovation. You go out into the universe, you see how far behind we are compared to some of the hostile species who are capable of visiting us... We can't afford to do stupid stuff like that. We can't... be firing on anything less than all cylinders. Actually, that's one of the reasons why I respect you so much."

"It's nice to be thought of so highly, but I'm.. not.. quite.. sure..?"

"You funded Cadmus Labs, Mister Luthor."

He's silent for a moment, presumably considering his options. "While it's not impossible that LexCorp had some sort of financial interest in Cadmus-."

"Oh, don't be so modest. The Greenies might be happy to use their xenotech hypercomputers as blunt instruments, but I like to think I'm a little cleverer than they are." I turn my left hand palm up, and generate an orange sigil. "Forensic accountancy. LexCorp put a lot of money into that place, and I can't believe you wouldn't have had to approve something like that yourself. Look, I get it's PR poison now, but the biotech work they were doing is exactly the sort of thing the Earth needs. There's spacefaring races that don't have telepathic communication networks."

Still no response. Hmm.

"I'd feel slightly more comfortable if they'd managed to create a technique which granted the ability to Humans, rather than building an artificial life form. I mean, Henry King was active in the forties, Simon Jones and Edgar Cizko in the modern era. It can't be that hard to do."

"Human... Augmentation... Can be legally problematic."

"Well, that needs to change for a start. The technology for reliable Human augmentation has existed for over a century, legislators can't just pretend it doesn't happen. Do they prefer it just happens to people at random?"

"I sometimes rather think that they do. It gives them an excuse not to have to deal with something difficult."

"Only thing I don't understand is why Cadmus was trying to clone Superman. A sufficiently detailed study of his cellular structure should have told them everything they needed to know about how his abilities work."

"My... understanding, is that Doctor Desmond was authorised to perform precisely that type of study. Why he took it upon himself to create an entire specimen I really couldn't say."

"You are aware that Superboy is a Kryptonian/Human hybrid?"

"Really? I wasn't aware that Human and Kryptonian tissues were... Compatible."

"They're not. That's part of why it's so impressive."

"Orange Lantern, I'm not sure what you want me to say? I am the Chairman and Chief Executive of an extremely large multinational company. Even if I had approved funds for Cadmus, I wouldn't be involved in day to day operational decisions. Dare I ask who the donor of his Human DNA was?"

"Mister Luthor, I'm not the police, I'm not a reporter. I have a great deal of respect for you, so, please stop treating me like I'm an idiot. I don't believe for a second that you didn't authorise it. It worked fine. Superboy's a good friend of mine, and if there was actually a halfway sensible reason for creating him I'd approve. If it was something stupid, well, given all of your achievements, I can't tell you how disappointed I would be to find out you were running with the short bus crowd. And yes, you can tell Ra's al Ghul I called him that."

"Though I am.. aware.. of the leader of the League of Shadows, we're hardly on familiar terms. Ra's is something of a... Competitor, of mine."

Not working. New approach.

"Sooo..." I squint at him. "What's with the Superman obsession?"

"I beg your pardon?"

"The clone thing. Why clone Superman?"

"While I cannot claim to know for certain why anyone would want to clone Superman, I can see the logic in using material from the most prominent of the world's superhumans. Well, not 'Human', of course."

"Yeah, but if you can create an adult clone in six months, why not just create a Human and use the Danner formula? You get the strength and toughness, only drawback is that it has to be administered in vitro, and if your clones only take half a year... Why not?"

A small frown. "Danner formula?"

"Hugo Danner. America's first superhero? Fought in World War One? It'd make far more sense than that creepy yandare thing you've got going on with Superman."

Genuine puzzlement. "Yan Dare? I'm afraid I don't follow..?"

"You created a son who has DNA from both of you. At this stage you might as well just stage a giant robot attack at a pride parade. Oh, why won't the alien love me!"

He actually chuckles.

"Orange Lantern, amusing as I'm sure the notion is to some people, you really should try to avoid believing everything you read in supermarket tabloids. I'll admit, my relationship with.. Superman, hasn't always been as productive as it might have been, but to suggest that I'm obsessed with him -especially in that way- is simply to engage in the lowest form of sensationalism. If, as you say, Doctor Desmond took it upon himself to use my DNA in his research, then I honestly have no idea why. I'd suggest a somewhat unsettling attempt at favor currying but, given how erratic his behavior become prior to his dramatic exit from Cadmus... That would be pure speculation on my part."

He shifts slightly where he stands. "How... is the youth?"

"He's fine. The League's got a telepath working on properly integrating the data Cadmus programmed him with into his mind."

"I suppose that Superman's taken responsibility for his upbringing. He always did seem so keen on keeping hold of any fragments of Krypton that he could find."

Um..?

I hesitate, and he picks up on it. "Ah? A little uncharacteristic. Dare I hope that the League hasn't simply dumped him somewhere? A growing boy needs proper guidance."

Calm. Stay calm.

"He's getting it."

He spends a moment examining me. "Princess Diana?"

Shit.

"That's.. unexpected. Still, I suppose neither Superman nor myself are really equipped to act as mother figures. I suppose.. visitation rights are out of the question?"

!Kon help protect!

"As I said, he's being looked after. I even managed to augment him up to full Kryptonian strength. He's..!"

He's mine, is what I want to say. And then I want to say 'you can't have him', and then I want to hit him. A lot. Control.

"He's doing just fine. Thank you for your concern."

"If you say so. I'm sure the League knows its business."

"Incoming transmission from Red Arrow."

Phew.

"Excuse me a moment."

Orange Lantern two eight one four?

Onyx has escaped.

Wha'? How?

Bane attacked the police station holding her with a rocket launcher. They escaped by helicopter.

In the middle of Taipei? How were they expecting to hide that? The police'll be on them in, what, twenty minutes tops?

Not sure. I'm at their landing zone now.

You want me to back you up?

No. Stay with the conference. I'll tell you when I find out what's happening.

I nod.

Alright. Good luck. Thank you for keeping me in the loop.

Just keep your guard up. Red Arrow out.

I lower my hand. Weird. I undid the damage that Venom use did to Bane back when we attacked Santa Prisca. It doesn't make a person stupid, just aggressive, combative and somewhat mentally inflexible. And that shouldn't be affecting him yet even if he started using it again immediately. What is he doing this here? And why rescue Onyx? I know that he had a connection to the League of Shadows in the Nolan films, but I don't remember that from the comics and there's no record of it in the Justice League's database. I don't think that I have any information that would help Mister Harper.

"Trouble?"

"Hm? Oh, probably. A minor supervillain from Santa Prisca named Bane just broke Onyx out of the police station that was holding her. Red Arrow's in pursuit."

Mister Luthor nods, and checks his watch. "We should probably be getting back. I find that it helps establish a position of authority if one is already at ease in the room when everyone else arrives."

I nod, rise, and follow him as he leads the way to the corridor. Miss Graves stays by the door as I walk through, then follows me. I was honestly expecting a little more hostility from her, or at least that she'd recognise me as a potential threat. Not that I intend to harm Mister Luthor without a very careful cost/benefit analysis, but still.

Actually, that reminds me. I demand that the universe give me a data stick, and lo! The ring transmutes one for me. It's grey, with an orange sigil on each of the larger sides.

Ring, transfer audiobook How to Succeed in Evil onto the data stick.

Compliance.

"Mister Luthor?" He keeps walking, but looks around. I hold the stick out to him. "I think you might find this amusing, though I'm not sure it'll actually teach you anything."

Amused puzzlement, but he takes it and slips it into his breast pocket. I wonder how he'll feel about the ending? I suppose it isn't all that different to how the version of him from Superman: Red Son dealt with Superman. Or the way Justice League Unlimited Luthor dealt with Bizarro.

We continue walking towards the conference room. Oh well, back to work.

Ring, resume dataflow.

Nothing.

Agh. Ring, resume dataflow.

A cleaner on floor twenty seven is smoking a cigarette out of a window. That's the extent of lawlessness in the entire building. No new faces since my last check. Nothing that registers as an out of place weapon. Outside? A few reporters have tagged in their replacements or gone to their trailers until something of note happens, but for the moment everything is peaceful.

Are Bane and Onyx just trying to scarper?

Ring, detect Bane.

Unable to comply.

Okay, working with the League of Shadows?

Ring, detect Onyx.

Unable to comply.

Huh? Did she get one of the scan blocking things from Bane?

Ring, detect Red Arrow.

Got him. He's about fifteen miles away, running after a truck? No, I should keep my mind focused on my part of the job. Besides, there's more I want to say to Mister Luthor.

"Y'know, I'm curious. Why Lex Luthor?"

Bemused. "It's.. my name..."

"Your name's Alexander Luthor. The normal abbreviation of Alexander is, 'Alex'. In fact, you're the only Alexander I know of who shortens it to Lex. I was just wondering if there was a reason."

He turns his face back to the direction of travel, and smiles slightly. "I suppose the snappy answer would be that I'm not merely A Lex, but the definitive article. Honestly though, I hadn't thought about it. I suppose I just prefer the sound."

"Hmm. Alright, last question before I go back to boring myself trying to spot nonexistent assassins. You said that Human augmentation could be legally difficult. How about magic?"

"Witchcraft is hardly a replacement for scientific achievement."

"Any sufficiently well understood magic is science. I was in Atlantis this morning, and there? Everything runs on the stuff. It's taught in schools. It's a resource available to Humanity, and yet, outside Themyscira, it's hardly used anywhere on the surface. Do you know how many fire mages it takes to do the work of a gas fire power plant? Because I don't, and I know that no power company is ever going to investigate it."

He actually stops walking. His gaze is distant.

"LexCorps spends massive amounts on research and development, right? How much would it cost to hire a couple of Atlantean thaumaturgists? Stick a Rune of Cold on an overheating supercomputer. Stick a Sigil of True Sight on a space telescope. Stop treating magic as something separate, something for primitives. Break a paradigm. I checked, and no one's doing this stuff. If it works, you could enter entirely new markets with products no existing player could match. If it doesn't, well, that's R&D."

"It's.. an intriguing concept. But, as you say, no one outside Atlantis is doing work on.. thaumaturgy, was it? The scientific study of magic energies? The Atlantean population has traditionally been rather opposed to trade with the surface."

"Yeah, but King Orin's all for it. Not being able to get high purity m-."

"Incoming transmission from Red Arrow."

"I'm sorry Mister Luthor, but I need to take this. You should probably get to the meeting room."

He looks at me full on for a moment, his expression thoughtful. "Yes... I will."

A slight frown as he turns away, and walks onward with Miss Graves following just behind. I bring my left hand up to the side of my head.

Orange Lantern two eight one four?

Get... Get outside!

Why, what's going on?

Bane's going to try and complete the assassination.

Yeah, that's scary.

So?

He brought trucks carrying anti-ship missiles. Big ones. They could take down the whole building. I'm in pursuit. Get everyone out!

Shit.

HOW THE HELL DID BANE GET MISSILE TRUCKS INTO TAIPEI?!

Aaaaaahhhhh..!

Right. Right. Even if I FTL transfer everyone to ground level -and I've never tried that with groups larger than seven- the missiles and debris from the building could still kill them all, to say nothing of everyone else in the area. Rushing into the room and shouting would probably be a bad idea. Fire alarm?

I look down the corridor. Fire alarm.

The alarms start ringing as I ring Miss Graves' phone. There's a click as she answers, and then she doesn't speak. I'm momentarily befuddled.

"Miss Graves, hi, Orange Lantern two eight one four here. We may have a slight missile problem. Could you please evacuate the building as quickly as possible? Thanks ever so."

She rings off. Good. Right. Outside. Outside. Now!

I transfer back to the presentation room, next to the large window. Apparently I don't have any sufficiently unobstructed paths to the outside. Fine. Suction, cut, extract, duck and move, put it back and reattach. And now I have a unobstructed view of Taipei at night.

With this ring I've seen so many amazing things and it's shocking how seldom I'm in the proper mood to appreciate them.

"Ring, find the missiles."

A brief and mindchurningly horrifying moment as the ring tries to show me every rocket based weapon in Asia.

"Taipei. In Taipei."

A more manageable though still migraine inducing number. I swiftly eliminate fireworks and other non-military rockets as I fly up above the convention centre. Cull it further. If the Shadows couldn't get a single assassin to Taiwan without using commercial airlines I seriously doubt that they could have smuggled a significant number of missiles in. Picked up locally? I doubt they could have got them like that legally, but, Bane. Hang on. He shrivelled up when I removed the Venom from his body. Would that mean that facial recognition checks no longer pick him up? He could have just flown in.

Did I..? I wrote about him shrivelling up in my mission report, but I don't think I included a picture of his shrunken face. Damn.

Ring, passenger manifests. Search for Bane's current face.

A blur of faces, then a match. Little Bane in a suit. He's been here for four days.

Who's helping him?

Too many possibles. No Santa Priscan passports. Don't worry about it.

Ring, what missiles does Taiwan have that are small enough to be fired from a truck and large enough to threaten a building?

Balls. Yep, that would do it. Supersonic means I've got next to no chance of seeing it and reacting fast enough to do anything clever. Plus, I can't let it fall on anyone.

Any thefts from military facilities? Or factories?

No records of ongoing investigations. But... Oh. I get an image of a naval missile boat in harbour, its crew stabbed to death. I spend a moment scanning the naval base. There's activity from Taiwanese military personnel, but I can see where missile batteries have been wrenched from their moorings. Would they have needed Venom Buster enhancements to do that, or would regular Venom have been enough? If they used the regular stuff they could sneak away afterwards. Non-permanent versions have their advantages too, I suppose. How many? Looks like ten missiles.

Ring, access military records. Get the serial numbers of those missiles, then find out where they've gone.

"Serial numbers available. Unable to comply with second request."

No no no no no! Not the missiles as well!

Next step. I've practised shielding large areas with Lantern Gardner, but I'm rubbish at it. Can't get emotionally invested enough. But missiles are fairly flimsy, aren't they? Try anyway.

This is my mission, my cause. Shield.

An orange hemiovoid shield forms over the building, extending down around all sides from where I'm floating. Sure, the building's lit up now, but anyone competent enough to steal missiles from the Taiwanese navy and get them into truck-launchable condition could probably hit the far side of a building perfectly well without my help.

Ring, infra red scan. Detect launches. Grab me a spy satellite and give me optical scans. Find the missiles!

I feel as the ring acquires eyes in the sky. I become aware of patterns of heat and air currents across the city. Is this normal? I haven't tried something quite like this before.

Probable launch detected.

Transfer launch site location to... The Peace Enforcing Special Service Forces? Really? Fine. Give me positional data.

Warning! Only approximate data available.

It's on the outskirts, but accelerating. I see waste heat, but whatever satellite the ring just grabbed isn't giving a good view.

Warning! Approximate twenty seconds to impact.

Long range constructs I can do. Mostly. I create a hemisphere construct under the rocket's approximate location, making sure it keeps pace with where I believe it to be. Crossing the index and middle fingers of my right hand-.

Probable launch detected.

Damn it. I form a network of razorblades above the hemisphere, slicing the missile into pieces. Rocket fuel ignites and the warhead detonates as I extend the-

Probable launch detected.

-the hemisphere to contain the force and the shrapnel. The construct holds, just, but I can't keep doing it like that.

Suppress fire, compress remains and place on the ground.

Compliance.

I can't grab the others precisely enough to just point them skywards. Can't just fly to them and transfer them somewhere for the same reason.

Ring, technical schematics. Extend constructs, then sonic scan the missile's probable location to get a precise location.

Compliance.

Two beams of orange light rush away from my in opposite directions.

Locations confirmed. Probable launch detected.

Sonic scalpel to deactivate the detonators. Fix the control surfaces in place, then point the missiles upward.

Compliance. Probable launch detected.

Understood. Repeat-.

Probable launch detected. Probable launch detected. Probable launch detected. Probable launch detected.

Ring, contact Green two eight one four B. Message: HELP!

Compliance.

Turns out that messages to Green Corps members have a routing systems that requires their sector number and seniority. Alan's off the network, but if I want to talk to Guy I need to give his full identification. He says that the Greenies have a 'favourites' list within their Corps, but mine doesn't seem to have that shortcut. Maybe once I start on my own Corps? Or maybe it requires a Central Power Battery?

HUD.

I see the convention centre, the estimated position and time to impact of the missiles. Missile four is further away than some of the others, but has been accelerating for longer and will hit first. Extend, sonic scan, scalpel, fix control surfaces, redirect.

The 'time to impact' number associated with the missile jumps up, then changes to 'non-threat' as the ring calculates that it can't hit us.

Accelerated perception.

I'm going to feel this one in the morning. Time appears to slow. The ring detects impulses forming in my mind and triggers the receipt signal without waiting for it to travel anywhere. My mind is more orange light than organic matter at this point, and the change in the missile impact numbers goes from a blur to a slow flipping, like old train station clocks. I tried this twice before and leaving it on is a very bad idea. Quite aside from making it hard to focus on any one thing, it also causes vomiting, unconsciousness and ultimately? Neural architecture collapse.

Next missile. Extend is fast. Sonic scan feels ridiculously slow. I can see the sound waves and their echoes even as I wait for the ring to form a coherent picture from them. The scalpel forms, and I see the parts of the detonator stress and fail as it damages just enough to make the fused detonation impossible. I have to force myself to remain on target as the ring performs the delicate task of fixing control surfaces without causing fuel detonation, then applying just enough pressure to redirect the oncoming missile without tearing it apart.

Safe. But I've also made estimates as to how long it's going to take to do all of them. At least two will impact my shield.

Ring, automate disabling by impact time. Normal perception.

Aaaaahghgh...

I throw up in my mouth as my thoughts crash together in complete confusion for a moment. I fall about four metres before I can coherently want anything again. Mouth clear. Close your eyes tight. Curl up in the air. Everything feels wrong, but that doesn't matter. Focus.

I never liked Missile Command. With my eyes screwed shut to ward off painful sensory input all I can see is the HUD. Maybe it's easier in the abstract? Guy's very big on practical experience, but not very interested in novel approaches.

I feel shitty and it's the fault of the missiles!

One missile goes to non-threat status.

My city! My building!

Another missile off target. Two left. Too slow!

Missile eight ploughs into my shield construct. I can feel the impact, the detonation of the warhead and the ignition of the remaining rocket fuel.

No! You can't have it!

The construct holds, just about. Bits of missile rain down onto the blessedly empty forecourt.

I don't think the shield will stop another.

Probable launch detected.

Oh, come on!

Three seconds on missile nine.

!No can't won't wrong mine wrong wrong!

Transition.

I open my eyes.

Did I just-?

It feels like perceptual acceleration flicks back on as the missile strikes my armour construct right in the chest, slamming me back against the shield around the building. I see the warhead detonate in slow motion as my resistance becomes hard enough to set it off. Distantly, I register the sharp increase in pressure, then the shield behind me buckles and breaks. Time goes back to normal as the force of the detonation send me flying backwards in an uncontrolled hurtle. I see sky, black explosion cloud, wreckage flying away in all directions, building shield faltering and fading away from my impact site as my focus fails. A pain as I pierce the glass frontage in a shower of crystal shards, slamming onto a board room table before bouncing and flipping end over end back onto the table, then the floor at the far end before crashing through the rear wall and coming to rest on the floor of the hallway.

Uuuuhuuuhuhuhhuhgh.

I try to rise. My hand pushes on glass and it slides away. I catch myself.

Uh.

On my hands and knees, I try to push myself up. I slip, and go down on my face. My armour construct shimmers and fails. This situation, this situation. I should be doing-.

Wholeness rightly assumed.

Hoooooagh. That's better. The disorientation hasn't quite faded as I push back on my haunches and then stand, steadying myself against the wall. Wooh!

Why are there still people..?

I blink, recognising the South Rhelasian party as they stream into the hallway. The ones at the front of their party stop and stare at me and the wreckage.

This is why peace conferences shouldn't be held at the top of tall buildings.

"Keep going!"

Fucking stupid rubberneckers...

They pick up speed down the corridor towards the exit sign.

Warning! Approximate eight seconds to impact.

The HUD shows the tenth perfectly following the flight path of the ninth. I can actually see it with my unaided eyes as I stagger back towards the breach. No time to take it apart neatly. Uh. I don't think I can focus well enough to block it reliably.

What's left? Redirect? It'll still hit the building. Don't know how many people..?

Wait, could that work?

Ring, can you target the missile visually?

Affirmative.

"Heh.. heh heh."

I run, stumbling then righting myself, towards the hole in the glass.

"Ring, extend environmental shield to the missile. Subspace it."

Slow again. I can watch the missile as it physically enters the building at one and a half times the speed of sound. I see the pale orange glow of my environmental shield extend from my hand and coat the metal surface. I can see the Taiwanese flag and the serial number on the nose. I can see the effect of the air being blasted away by the rocket motor, sending the glass that fell inside the room towards the opening. I think I'm falling forward, hand out towards the approaching missile as it disappears.

I fall against the table, then pull myself upright.

Is that it?

Please be it.

7th September
21:46 GMT +8

Seat. Seat. I pull out a chair, brush off most of the glass with my right forearm, then collapse into it.

Altering your own brain with a power ring is a bad idea.

I hear a whistle. "Some party. Hope you ain't been drinking."

I look up. "I don't think Taiwan celebrates Saint Patrick's Day, but well done for coming prepared."

Lantern Gardner grins as he floats in through the hole in the wall. Used to be, I'd have been scared to be this close to a drop like that. Now it's just, whatever, y'know?

He takes a moment to look at me. "You okay, kid?"

"Used the perception acceleration thing. I'm a bit out of it. Chucked a, ogh..." A wave of nausea. "Redirected a bunch of missiles up into the sky. Could you please catch them before they run out of fuel?"

He waves if off. "No problem. Sit tight and watch while I show you how a real Lantern takes care a' business."

He floats backwards, waves a mock salute at the Rhelasians in the hallway, then turns and accelerates away. Guess he still hasn't got his head around short ranged FTL transitions. Whatever. This is well within his abilities.

"Ring, remaining charge?"

"Fifty nine percent remaining."

Fine, that's fine. I've found that sorting my head out from things like this is best achieved with music and food. I'm not risking unfamiliar foreign food in my current state, but the ring's music is still there.

"Ring, play 'There she is!', no translation, and let me know if anything dangerous happens."

"Compliance"

I push myself up with the aid of the table as the unintelligible K-Pop -um, R-Pop, I suppose- pours forth. I'm sure that if I actually understood the language I wouldn't like it nearly as much. Then I slide the chair back through the glass shards and turn to go in search of the kitchens. Wasn't there a fad in China for fish and chips a while back? Shouldn't be too hard to...

...

The entire peace conference is behind me. They're gawping. I can just about see Mister Luthor and Miss Graves at the back.

"Ah, I'm going to clean that up." I point my thumb at the hole. "Just need a few minutes, and... Hang on. Ring, off!"

The musical accompaniment to a touching Rabbit/Cat love story is silenced. Damn, they all speak the language, don't they? I must look like a prize idiot.

"You... You made the missile disappear?"

"No, General, I just shifted it into the ring's subspace pocket. I'll return it to the Taiwanese coastal defence people once-" Another wave of nausea, accompanied by dizziness. "-erum. Excuse me. Once I know things are settled here."

"An impressive technology, is it not?" Mister Luthor's managed to make his way through the crowd by using Miss Graves as an icebreaker. "Orange Lantern, I believe I counted two missile impacts? In addition to the one you caught in mid air?"

I nod, falling into parade rest. "Yes, plus the seven I stopped before they reached the building."

Silence.

"Ten missiles?"

He doesn't actually sound surprised. He's just asking for confirmation. I see Miss Grant and her cameraman following behind him.

"Yes, Mister Luthor. Ten Taiwanese Brave Wind mark three anti-ship missiles. Stolen from a naval shipyard earlier today, most likely on the orders of a Santa Prisca national by the name of Bane. No idea how he made them truck launchable though. Erm, he's also notorious for his Venom habit and for his ownership of Venom production facilities, so that may explain how Onyx had a dose to use on Mister Huang earlier."

Wait a second. I couldn't scan the missile I now have in subspace. The Taiwanese will have to wait a little while on getting it returned, I need someone to take a look at it.

I really hope the rocket motors haven't incinerated all my stuff.

Prime Minister Tseng and General Li share a look, then step forward towards me. The Prime Minister speaks first.

"You saved all our lives. Thank you."

"Red Arrow was investigating the original attack. If he hadn't warned me this was going to happen, I'm not sure that I'd have been able to stop them. Plus, Lantern.. Green Lantern two eight one four B is collecting the missiles I redirected before they run out of fuel and fall on someone."

I checked, and while Guy's name isn't exactly a secret, knowledge of it isn't that widespread. He said that he didn't really care, but I don't think I should blab.

General Li steps up to me, hand outstretched. Puzzled, I shake it. "Modest too."

There's a flash. A camera. General Li steps aside, and I shake hands with Prime Minister Tseng. Mister Luthor is third in line, then walks around behind me and puts an arm around my shoulder as we pose for the photographer.

Yep. Definitely an oversight. Next month is definitely too long.

"If there's any way we can repay you..?" The General again.

"Well, General, this is supposed to be a peace conference. And, if the League of Shadow wants to prevent peace, it seems to me that that's a good reason to go for it."

The two leaders look at each other.

"If it helps inspire confidence, I'd be happy to monitor the military stand down of both sides. It'd be easier for me than for a team of UN inspectors, anyway."

The Prime Minister looks away first. "Orange Lantern, you must understand, our nations have been at loggerheads since their creation. At this point, reunification is-."

"I never mentioned reunification, sir. And compared to the hostility between Britain and France over the last thousand years, a mere sixty year stand off doesn't mean that much. And look at how well Britain and France get along now."

They avoid eye contact for a moment.

"Hey!" Guy's back and, oh. He decided to bring the six misdirected missiles with him, rocket motors off and bound in glowing green tethers. Gosh they're big. "Someone drop these!?"

I stand with Guy and Roy at the side of the stage while in the centre Prime Minister Tseng and General Li sign the agreement Mister Luthor and I were finally able to talk them into. Guy thought it was funny to prop the missiles themselves against the wall on the other side of the room, and I'm sure they'll make an interesting talking point for the guests once the signing is over. Guy's grinning at the attention and Roy's still glowering at Mister Luthor, who looks mildly pleased from his seat between the General and the Prime Minister. Not really sure how I feel. I mean, he was right; improving the lives of seventy four million people isn't insignificant, but I'm just not really feeling it.

We're keeping an eye out for follow up attacks, but nothing's happening. After handing the missiles off to me Guy went to see what was taking Roy so long. Answer: six heavily armed guys hopped up on Venom. The two of them seem to have bonded over the fight and the really-wanting-to-be-on-the-Justice-League-but-being-unfairly-excluded thing. I hope this publicity helps Guy's cause. Not sure about Roy. Haven't spent enough time with him to say that I know him well enough to assess it, but he really came through here. Though they and the Taiwanese police picked up some of Bane's helpers the man himself got away with most of them. As did Onyx.

I see Miss Grant over toward the middle of the room. Wonder what she's reporting..?

"...signing a treaty which promises to bring hostilities between these two nations to a permanent end. While both sides have publicly ruled out reunifica..."

"I can't believe we're doing a solid for Lex Luthor."

I shrug. "Seventy four million people will be happy with the result. I can live with it being seventy four million and one."

"Yeah, and it's not like it's worth the League of Shadows killin' 'em now, is it? Which mean you and I can go home, while Orange here-" He slaps me on the back. My body armour prevents me from having to stagger forward. "-gets to spend the rest of the week playing Risk with real soldiers. Heh, League of Shadows, who even came up with that name?"

It's a little disturbing how often Guy and I are on the same wavelength.

"Ra's is hundreds of years old. It was probably original when he first thought of it."

"But what about-." Roy stops himself, and lowers his voice. "What about the other problem?"

Apparently Onyx told him that the League of Shadows had a source inside my team. I think that's pretty unlikely, but I'll talk to Kaldur about it once he gets back.

"Head games, Red. She's just messin' with ya'. Don't worry about it."

"Just in case, I'll talk to Diana about lassoing everyone and asking them. I've been reading up on the Lasso of Truth, and apparently it can compel truth even if you don't know you're lying."

I've sort of been meaning to ask about the possibility of using it to get my name back. Since I know for sure that I don't have any arcane compulsions on me (thanks to Mister Constantine) or telepathic ones (thanks, M'gann) there shouldn't be a significant risk in the attempt. Okay, so when she was checking me out M'gann got it into her head to have a look for my surname herself, and we both got knocked out for four hours and I had to explain to Mister J'onzz what we'd been doing and why exactly we thought that was a good idea -I didn't-, but the theory is sound.

Robin tried guessing it, but apparently 'candles' is too cryptic a clue even for him. I can't think of anything closer that doesn't set it off. It's not like anyone's going to use it, the whole thing's just so annoying.

The General, the Prime Minister and Mister Luthor rise, and step to the side to pose for photos.

"Either of you know how long we're supposed to stay?"

Roy snorts. "Treaty's signed. Job's done. I'm out of here."

"Ah, come on Red, don't be like that. I'm still on US time! And in the US it's time for lunch. Either a' you been to Taipei before?"

Um, not close to the ground.

"No?"

Roy still doesn't look happy, but he isn't leaving. "Yes, but I wasn't here for the food."

"I was here in oh five, fighting Evil Star. After I finished kicking his ass, some guys from the local police took me to this stall in the Shihlin Night Market. Does the best Chinese food you ever tasted."

Chinese..?

"Well I... I was planning to get something to eat. R-" Not Roy. "-ed Arrow?"

"Do they take credit card?"

Guy frowns. "'Course they don't. Wait, you seriously don't have any local currency? How long you been here?"

"A few days. I've just been using room service."

I don't have any... What's Taiwan's currency? The New Taiwanese Dollar, or Yuan for short. Wasn't that the currency in Legend of Korra? "Do you think they'd take gold?"

Guy chuckles. "Doesn't matter what kind of card it is, they don't have a terminal."

"No, I mean, gold the metal."

I take a shiny yellow disk out of subspace and hold it up. Not a US mint approved one, this. Double sided orange lantern sigil, and noticeably larger.

"That real?"

"No, Guy, I plan to preserve the karmic balance of the universe by matching the good we've done here with the evil of ripping off a bunch of street traders."

"Probably take it. Where'd you get that?"

"My Corps doesn't have a rule against its members using their rings for their own ends. Let me go check with Mister Luthor, then lunch, dinner, whatever time of day we're on, is on me."

"You mean you can just..." Guy seems more than a little peeved.

"Guy, avarice. If I couldn't use it for what I wanted to use it for, I wouldn't be able to use it at all."

"That is such BS."

"Excuse me?" We turn as one. "Cat Grant, GBS News." The cameraman has his camera in the at rest position. "Do the three of you have time for an interview? If we're not going to be attacked again, I mean."

The three of us look at each other. Sadly, none of us are telepathic or even know each other that well and so we don't learn anything. I decide to reply.

"We were going to get something to eat. Once this winds down, I mean. Um, do the two of you want to come along? We could talk while we eat?"

She grins. "That... That would be great!"

Guy nudges me with his elbow. Known her for two minutes and you're already asking her to dinner? Real smooth, kid.

What? No, no, that wasn't what I... Uh, never mind.

*Episode 11*: Exaltations

8th September
13:08 GMT -5

The only good thing about monitoring a phased military stand down in a country on the other side of the planet is that when night falls you can go home and still have some day left. I think I'm going to be abusing the ring's 'don't need to eat or sleep' function. I had thought that I'd be working in an office with representatives of North and South. Instead, I spent most of it in front of a room full of press people, announcing a confirmation of each stage as it happened, as well as fielding their questions. The recording of me listening to 'There she is!' was released on VidULike and has now gone thoroughly viral. There's remixes, mash ups, extended cuts and the last mutation I saw had the music edited out and replaced with a porn sound track which I turn off once I see the Rhelasians. After I watched that, I stopped looking.

There were a few people dressed up as Doki and Nabi outside, and they were eventually joined by people dressed as me.

I have cosplayers now.

That's a thing.

Guy turned up for a bit around local midday. Not sure what he was planning, but it gave me a break so I didn't really care. When I came back, he was trying to dodge answering questions on the relationship between our Corps. I feel a bit bad about that. He's clearly been ordered not to say anything. News programs have been making the whole thing more interesting by splicing in parts of our dinner with Miss Grant. I guess that either she made the recording off the clock or GBS sold it on. I think we come across fairly well, and the people running the stall seemed happy enough about it.

Diana's finding the whole thing a little amusing. Her only punishment for me 'coming out' was to make me spend an hour screening her fan mail so that I'll 'have a better idea of what I've let myself in for'. If I ever see a picture of a fat hairy naked guy again, it'll be too soon.

Haven't heard anything back from the Taiwanese police yet. Bane's employees are in their care. I checked, and they are being treated properly. Well, aside from being made to go through Venom withdrawal cold turkey, but I can live with that. Mister Huang hasn't woken up yet, and I've set the ring to alert me when he does.

I'm in the base's kitchen. No one else is here, and I want to eat something. Something not Asian. I don't mind it exactly, but the flavours just clash in my mouth and I haven't worked out the exact mechanics of eating some of it yet. I check, but the last of the chilli is gone from the freezer. What do we have? Nothing that looks appetising. Right, head into Happy Harbour, buy some fresh fish and vegetables, come back. If I stick some potatoes in to roast now, they should be ready when everything else is. The ring makes peeling easy, and lets me skip the usual pre-boiling and feathering with a burst of microwave radiation and a slight application of force. Olive oil, heat resistant dish, oven on to gas mark 6, oh. Right. Electric oven. Chart on the wall says gas mark 6 equals 200oC, which translates into Imperial as 392oF. In it goes.

Ring, transition to the training area.

Compliance.

The scene shifts and oh. Kaldur's back. "Hi Kaldur, how's..?" I look at the object he's holding in his right hand. He notices what I'm looking at, and raises it slightly. "Is that.. actually.. Ocean Master's trident?"

"Yes. My king did not want to keep it in Atlantis, and since we were the ones to defeat its former owner..."

That's a little weird.

"You know.. the only one of us who can use it is you, right? Are you.. actually.. planning to?"

"I have not yet decided. It is a powerful weapon. I will need to train with it before I make a decision."

"It's not booby trapped or anything, is it?"

"No, it was checked thoroughly, and by mages of proven loyalty. I do not believe that Ocean Master would have considered planning for his own defeat worth while."

"How.. is..?"

Should I be asking that? I look away for a moment, and Kaldur does likewise.

"He is... There is no immediate danger of Ocean Master dying. King Orin has expressed a desire for a full trial once he is well enough to go through it."

I've still got his hands in subspace. With all the excitement in Asia I completely forgot about it.

"Before I forget, there's a few things I need to talk to you about. Got a moment?" He nods. "Alright, first, I've still got Ocean Master's hands."

His eyes widen slightly.

I wave my hands in a warding gesture. "I picked them up after I cut them off, and with one thing and another I haven't got around to returning them. They're perfectly preserved... Ah, would they be able to reattach them?"

He blinks, trying to come to terms with the idea of me carting around a man's hands. "Possibly. Now that he is out of danger..."

"Who.. would I talk to about that?"

We look at each other for a moment. I'm starting to feel like laughing.

He shakes his head slightly. "I honestly am not sure. I suppose it would be the physician responsible for his care. If you go to the palace and ask for Tuvul'Orr, they should be able to direct you."

"Thank you. I'll do that after lunch. Second thing, ran into Red Arrow yesterday. There's a-" I wave at the computer console. "-mission report, you should probably read. In summary, League of Shadows tried to violently break up the Rhelasian peace summit and we stopped them, but... When Red Arrow fought Onyx, she said something about them having a source inside our team. Now, I haven't put anything about that in the report. I've checked our electronic systems, nothing there."

He nods in understanding. "That would just leave the people."

I shake my head. "I don't think there's anything to it. I think she was just trying to wind him up, but, your call."

His eyes flick down for a moment. "I suppose we cannot rule out the possibility."

"I suppose not. Heh, I don't think I'd have believed my backstory if I hadn't lived through it. Alright, you want me to ask Diana to come here and truth lasso us all? I'll go first."

"With all due respect to your sponsor, I think it would be more prudent to investigate quietly. If there is a mole, I have no wish to tip him -or her- off."

"Okay, if that's how you want to do it. But if we're investigating, we need to get lassoed. I don't doubt your honesty and I don't think that you doubt mine, but if we're being thorough..." He nods. Glad he's not arguing about that. "I should be able to get hold of her this evening. Alright, last thing. Has Batman said anything to you about the process for us getting new members?"

"No, he has not. Do you have someone in mind?"

"Yes."

I call the grey with orange sigil notebook out of subspace. Turns out that the rocket motor shut down as soon as I put the missile there. I desire, and the ring generates a copy of my research before returning the original to subspace. I hand the copy to Kaldur.

"This, is Robert Marrack."

Kaldur takes the notebook and opens it to the first page, with Robert's picture both in and out of uniform. "Cornwall Boy?"

"He picked it when he was eight. Last time I talked to him, he said that he's probably going to change it."

"You have already spoken to him?"

"I didn't say that I could offer him anything, just that I'd bring it up. And I needed to find out if he was even interested, and why."

Kaldur scans the first few pages. "How did you meet?"

"I was looking for potential new members anyway. He was in the right age group. I went to see him for the first time after we got back from Salem."

"It was him who..?" He moves his right hand to the left side of his chest, and makes a circling motion.

I nod. "Yep. Took him a few seconds to sort it out. Don't know what he'd have been able to do if it was at full strength, but I suppose you could check that."

"I would be interested to meet someone versed in surface world magics."

"Yeah, you'd probably find it disappointing. His family owns some books on the subject, but it's, y'know, not exactly rigorously researched. Not by Atlantean standards, I mean."

"What can he do?"

"There's an artefact his family owns. While he's connected to it, he's very strong and very resilient. Not quite at Kon's level, but still pretty impressive. Since he can turn the connection off, he's been learning shotokan karate at a local gym. Brown belt at the moment, though I think Black Canary could get him up fairly quickly. He also has an instinct for magic energies, but he hasn't really learned to do much with it yet."

Kaldur smiles faintly. "It seems that his skill set is fairly similar to my own."

"Huh. Suppose it is. Hadn't really thought about it."

"Why does he want to join us?"

"Apparently his power set runs in his family, in the male line. But, his father isn't really interested in doing much more than looking after their reliquary, and occasionally supporting the local police. Robert wants to go further, thinks he can achieve more with their powers. I mean, lets face it; if you don't know where you need to be or you can't get there, it's very hard to use super strength effectively."

"The League's intelligence resources are extremely useful."

"And the zeta tubes, for members who aren't super fast."

Kaldur closes the book. "I will read it and consider the matter carefully. You will have my opinion tomorrow."

"Thank you. If you like the idea, I'll bring it up with Batman."

"How many other potential recruits have you spoken to?"

"Spoken to? None. There's a few maybes I'm making notes on, but he's the only one who's got to this stage." Hang on, there was something else... "Oh! Do you want this for anything?"

Kaldur looks in bemusement at the coconut sized lump of grey plastic that has appeared in my right hand. "What is it?"

"It's what's left of the rubbish I cleaned out of the North Atlantic Gyre."

He stares at me for a moment. "You.. 'cleaned out' the North Atlantic Gyre?"

"Well I started.. on the Pacific Rubbish Patch, but when I finished that it occurred to me that there was probably an equivalent area in each major ocean. The one in the North Atlantic didn't take as long as I'd already had loads of practice... Didn't I mention that I was doing that?"

"You did, but I had assumed that it would take a good deal longer."

"At the speed I was going at the start, it would have. But I've got much better at creating filtration constructs and focusing my avarice since then. I mean, there's still some plastic in there, but the place it used to be collecting in is now about as clear as the rest of the ocean."

"The presence of that area of surface-created pollution had been a major cause for concern in Atlantis. This may help improve relations between Atlantis and the surface world. The use of the ocean as a dumping ground has long been a contentious issue."

"Really? I'd have thought that you were all too deep to be affected."

"No one lives directly under the center point, but even many miles away it is... It was, possible to taste the detritus in the water whenever you open your mouth or your gills. You have truly done Atlantis a great service."

"Oh. Well. Um. No problem."

He goes back to looking at the lump.

"I have no use for it personally, but I am sure that the Poseidonis Royal Museum would be interested."

"I'll offer it to them when I drop the hands off." Oh it felt weird to say that. He starts walking to the habitation area. "Look, I was going to cook something for lunch. You hungry?"

He stops and thinks for a moment. "I though that you usually ate your main meal in the evening."

"I've been through so many time zones today that I don't even know what time it is."

"Are you not supposed to be attending school today?"

"There's a funny story there. I never told Diana how old I am. I'm seventeen, and in the British education system compulsory schooling finishes at sixteen, so I don't actually need to attend school unless I plan on having a career in a field that requires a particular qualification, and-" I hold up the ring. "-I don't."

"Then I think I will join you. Thank you."

He resumes his journey. I'm probably going to be spending a great deal more time with him, now that M'gann and Kon are going to be at school all day. Especially with M'gann's cheerleading practice. Cheerleading. Nothing is more American than celebrating the concept of celebration. Reminding cheering people that they're supposed to cheer. It's like those greeters at WalMart who are there to tell people that they've entered a shop. I mean, for goodness sake, what's the point? Ah, I'm sure that she'll love it, and I try to be polite when she brings it up, but my inner British curmudgeon is demanding that I do the whole thing down whenever possible.

I wonder if there's a New God of Celebration?

I focus, and remotely prepare a couple of potatoes for Kaldur and add them to those already in the oven. Remote control for complex tasks is a bad idea, but this is a job the ring could do in my sleep.

I'm glad that the Atlanteans will be pleased about all that cleaning work I've been doing. To start with it was a bit of a hassle, but after the first few weeks it became a challenge to overcome, and that made it much easier. I'm doing low Earth orbit next, once the Rhelasian stuff is dealt with.

9th September
17:26 GMT -5

Grimacing, I curl the glowing orange shield in front of us inwards, compressing the exploded remains of the late Roderick Rat into a gooey ball of blood, guts and fur.

"Ring, incinerate."

The ball blackens. Once I'm sure that it's sterile, I cool it, open the biological waste bin and deposit it inside. Only then do I risk looking at my fellow researchers.

Wallace is staring wide eyed at the test area.

"So, not.. taking.. the formula.. then."

"Sorry. Looks like two doses isn't healthy."

It's so annoying! We've been able to replicate the Garrick Formula just fine! Sure, as soon as Speedy Gonzales got scared he ran out of the mountain through a wall, but the formula definitely worked! We've even been able to make impure versions which are probably similar to what Wallace and Mister Garrick used originally. But, give a rat a second dose... Rat-a-blew-ey.

"Ring, transfer scans of the last subject to the computer."

"Compliance"

Wallace relaxes enough to sag. "It's not gunna work, is it?"

Mister Garrick looks up from my research records. "It was a first attempt, Wally. You shouldn't expect modifying my formula to be that easy."

"Noo... I know. I just... I just really hoped it would be." He sighs. "How about we try with one of my blood samples?"

The left side of my mouth tenses slightly, and I make momentary eye contact with Mister Garrick.

"Oh kay..."

I pick up a test tube containing a small sample of Wallace's blood, and create a shield cube around it.

"Recording. Transmuting in three, two, one."

The blood sample was small, but the blast still coats it across an impressive proportion of the shield before it slides down the sides.

"Ohhwah..."

"At least your blood actually reacts to the stuff."

I wave at my own samples, still in a stand on the bench. For reasons I suspect have something to do with alchemy it fails to react at all to either the Danner Formula or the Garrick Formula. Even when the samples are cloned rather than extracted, Wallace's samples react and mine don't. Mister Garrick found it fascinating. I'm not sure that I'd actually have used either of them even if I could, but the option would have been nice. The third, much darker sample a little further along the stand is proof that Venom Buster can interact with me, but that change isn't something I'm willing to contemplate.

Combining the two formulae doesn't work. Administered in sequence, the second does nothing. Administered together, they tend to neutralise one another. Again, that shouldn't happen. Worse still, I can't remove the effects. I can transmute the formulae from other materials no problem, even if I have to do so in every cell of the body like for the Danner Formula. I can transmute it back fine, until it gets into a living being and goes to work. Transmuting it back then just makes it disappear for a few seconds with no noticeable change in the abilities of the user. It then reappears spontaneously.

I'm starting to think that it's just doing it to spite me.

"Ring, transfer scans to the computer, then incinerate and bin."

"Compliance"

Silver lining, I can now induce celerity in any baseline Human, up to and possibly beyond what Mister Allen has. Even a modern lab can't quite manage the reagent purity a power ring can. But we're still no closer to helping Wallace. I bring my right knuckle to my chin.

"The way I see it, there's three basic approaches we could try from here. First, I could try altering the materials already in your body. Second, I try turning you back into a baseline Human, and then we give you a dose. Third, we try getting hold of an alchemist, see if we can get a better understanding of the mechanisms involved."

"But..! Chemistry..!"

"Sorry Wally, but he could be right. I based my original work on Professor Danner's paper on alkaline radicals. Even after we found that it couldn't possibly work by the mechanism which he thought it did, I always assumed that we'd eventually have a scientific explanation for how the formulae worked. It's been seventy years, and if a power ring says it isn't the chemical reactions, well, then there isn't really anywhere to go from there."

"Mister Garrick, are there other people we could talk to about this? Johnny Chambers, or Max Mercury?"

"Afw... Sorry Paul. Johnny's been dead for more than twenty years. Max... You don't find Max, he finds you. I could put the word out, but I haven't seen him for decades."

Mister Constantine might be able to get hold of Mister Chambers anyway, but I don't think I'll bring that up unless we're really desperate.

"Probably worth doing. Look, can I check that we're all on the same page about alchemy? Wallace, you tested my blood samples yourself. In simple chemical terms, there's no reason for it not to react."

Wallace looks away, then down, before grudgingly nodding.

"Mister Garrick, about Abednego Danner. I've been trying to look up other chemistry papers from the same period, and I haven't found anything even remotely similar to his work. That's unusual, right? Were any of his contemporaries working on the same thing?"

His gaze drops slightly, he frowns a little, and shakes his head. "No. I tried investigating the same thing myself in the forties, when I started work on my formula. His work doesn't have any obvious precursor. Doesn't have that many successors, either, particularly these days. Serious chemists aren't prepared to put time into things that shouldn't work. And yeah, that is odd."

"Then there's something black in our lentils." Both Mister Garrick and Wallace give me a puzzled look. "It's an Indian saying. Means, someone's playing silly b-. Um. It means that something odd is going on. I mean, he might have put random chemicals together and got incredibly lucky, but..."

Wallace perks up. "But that's really unlikely!"

"Yeah. So how does a professor at the University of Colorado get an education in alchemy in the eighteen nineties?"

Mister Garrick nods. "And another question: if he learned it from an existing source, why aren't there other people with the same ability? If it was written down, other people would have read it. If he learned it from a person, what stopped them telling other people?"

"The stuff I got off Alan showed a progression in his research. He definitely improved on what he started with, but either he didn't write down his initial work, the notes didn't survive, or someone gave him a leg up."

Wallace appears to think for a moment, then makes eye contact with me. "You said that any sufficiently well understood magic is science, right?"

"Yes?"

"Do you know anyone who understands it well enough?"

"I could get an alchemist, but I don't think they'd have the necessary understanding of the theory behind the operating mechanisms to do original work. There might be someone in Atlantis, but I don't think they study regular chemistry down there."

"Then I'll do it."

My eyebrows go up. That, I did not expect.

"You sure? I mean, we haven't eliminated all other avenues..?"

"Yeah, but it's a completely new area for me. It's going to be a while before I know enough to be worth anything. You keep trying ring transmutation, and I'll grab some books off Kaldur." He shifts uncomfortably on the spot. "Paul... Jay... I need this. I don't even care about the speed so much, but I can't keep eating whole tubs of ice cream 'cause I got the munchies."

Mister Garrick steps toward him, and lays his right hand on Wallace's shoulder. "It's okay Wally. We'll work this out together."

10th September
09:23 GMT -2

I nod at our host.

"Alright then. Let's see it."

Sephtian told me that he had the first of what he's decided to call 'Spell Eater Amulets' ready when I visited yesterday. Since I had a meeting with Diana planned I said that I couldn't stick around, but that I'd come back today. I then decided to kill two fish with one harpoon, which is why the world's most out of place Liverpudlian has joined us in Sephtian's workshop.

I still haven't quite worked out why John Constantine agreed to come. Sure, I know he's a sucker for anything to do with magic, and he did hold out until I offered to take him to a couple of Atlantis' arcane book shops. I want him because yesterday evening I slowly disassembled the Brave Wind missile, and I've located what I think it the runic inscription on the inside of the outer shell. It's written in electrically conductive polymer, probably with one of those circuit pen things. Sephtian is more likely to be able to analyse it, but Mister Constantine knows more about who might have been able to create it. I also want them to have a look at the Danner and Garrick formula samples I've brought. I know that neither of them are really alchemists, but I really want to give Wallace something to work with.

Sephtian... I can't read his body language. His face is too different and his robes obscure too much of his body. I'd guess that he's excited, but I'm not really sure.

"The hard part was the maths, really."

He picks up a flat case from the work bench and holds it out towards me. Unlike when we first met, he actually isn't standing on the floor. I'm keeping Mister Constantine and I anchored to it out of habit, but we're surprisingly buoyant. I hadn't even thought about it during my last couple of visits, but we should have negative buoyancy at this depth.

"Calculating the relationships took about four days work. I mean, four whole days. I didn't sleep."

I see a motion in the corner of my eye as Mister Constantine pushes off the counter and half wades/half paddles over to us. Navigating under water when you can't fly and aren't much of a swimmer isn't easy. My environmental shield means that he doesn't have to worry about breathing or getting wet, but as he wasn't happy about me being the one moving him around he's having to struggle a bit.

"Let's see what all the fuss is about, then."

Sephtian reaches his right hand around to the front and flips the catch. One hand over and one hand under, he slowly opens the case. "Getting help to do the enchanting was easy enough. I even set up a system so that they don't have to be in close physical proximity to the artefact."

The lid passes the forty five degree point, and I get a look at the product of his labours. This prototype is a disk of black granite with a hole in the centre and tiny gold wires crisscrossing the surface. They actually run through the granite as well, something that is basically impossible to achieve without a power ring. Granite is pretty common in amulets of this type because it's fairly mystically inert. The hole is for the thong which will allow it to be worn as a necklace without risking disruption to the binding wires.

The thong itself is in the case next to the disk. It isn't made from leather -they couldn't work that down here even if they could get it- but from enchanted whale sinew. Thanks to Atlantean efforts -diplomacy in modern times, fishing boat hunting a few generations ago- fish and aquatic mammal stocks in this parallel are much higher than at home. But this probably wasn't taken from an actual whale but rather created by a professional biomancer.

I only found out they existed yesterday, when Tuvul'Orr explained the process for reattaching Ocean Master's hands. Recreating the whole hands would have been immensely difficult, but according to him reattaching them was day surgery. If the surface world only gets one thing in trade with Atlantis it has to be the ability to regrow simple body tissues. I mean, I used to work in umbilical cord blood storage, and I know that even the most generous estimates of future stem cell regeneration techniques are nothing like what Atlantis can already do.

"Well?"

Sephtian's lower body is in constant motion, treading water. Or maybe that's just how he shows excitement? He sounds breathless, but I'm not sure how much of that is being translated by the ring. Would I be able to hear him at all without it?

"It doesn't look any different to me."

"Of course it doesn't! You certainly can't see magic."

Another advantage to having Mister Constantine here is that he can tell me if this is some sort of weirdly complex conjob. I extend my right hand and pick it up. It dries as it passes through my environmental shield. I can't feel the wires, and the stone is smooth and cool to the touch.

"Lets give it a try then."

I subspace my armour, replacing it with my vest and jeans. I reach up with my left hand and remove my existing ward, putting it in the case in place of its successor. I don't.. feel any different. No, I suppose that's not a fair test. I put the new ward back in the case as well, taking hold of the lower flap with my left and with my right hand hovering just above the Spell Eater.

"Sephtian, that scanning spell you used on me when we first met. Cast it, and don't look at my hand."

He nods once, releases his hold on the case and pulls his hands into his chest. He's much gentler now than he was the first time, but it still feels like I've got some sort of burrowing insects living in my hypodermis. Keeping eye contact with him, I drop my hand onto the new ward. Half a second later the feeling is gone, and Sephtian breaths out heavily and blinks rapidly. He rubs his hands together as if he were washing them.

"It is not a comfortable feeling, to be casting at the Spell Eater. Once it gets going, it feels like it could pull the spirit out of you."

"It can't, right?"

"Nnnnnnnot out of a normal person. Perhaps... Perhaps out of some sort of elemental? I'm not sure."

I turn to Mister Constantine. He's pulled out a cigarette, and is in the process of lighting it. He started nagging me about that during our mid-Atlantic descent, until I realised that the environmental shield would probably keep them dry. As long as it's in close proximity to him anyway. Atlanteans don't smoke, obviously. I've already told the ring to unmake the smoke and ash.

"Bit beyond me, mate, to be honest. I mean, I recognise the runes and that. The theory bits sound right, but..." He shrugs.

I suppose he's got a point. "Fair enough. Another practical test then." I pull out the Spell Eater and the thong. I thread the thong around and through it, and put it around my neck. Oh, hang on, should check. "Does it have to be in contact with my skin? Or can I wear it over clothes.. or what?"

"It needs to be in close physical proximity. Skin contact is best, but a centimetre or so shouldn't matter too much."

"Rightyoh. How about the other ward?"

"That thing? It would fail after a few minutes if you tried wearing them together."

"Alright. Mister Constantine, present for you."

I hand him the other ward and he slips it into his coat pocket as I put the Spell Eater down my chest under my vest, and keep it there. Then I take a couple of steps away and take a solid stance.

"Hit me with something."

He reaches up to his mouth with his left hand and pulls out his cigarette, holding it out to the side slightly. He then meets my eyes, his own narrowed slightly, a thin smile on his lips. He holds this position for about six seconds. "Why don't you give me your power ring?"

I blink. "Um, no?"

He winces, squeezing his eyes shut and hurriedly jamming his cigarette back into his mouth, sucking on it. "Yep, it's working. And I'm not testing it again. Feeling like your soul's gettin' sucked out loses its novelty value after a while."

Sephtian either exhales heavily. Or farts. Or does he have flotation bladders? He's looking at Mister Constantine in alarm. "Please avoid using that sort of magic while in my company. Atlantean law takes mental influence spells rather seriously."

I smile. "Wouldn't be much use to me if it only worked on legal magics, would it? Alright, I'll take it. How long will it take you to complete the order?"

"I've.. modified the design a little, now that I've had a chance to see it working. The next model should be about a hundred and twenty percent more effective. If you can fabricate.. you said you wanted twenty? If you fabricate them now, we should have completed the order within fifty days."

I frown.

"That's longer than it took to make this one."

"I did not fully appreciate how small your ring can make things. The next generation will not be limited by my preconceptions, but only by my knowledge and ability. The individual enchantments.. there will be many more of them. It will probably not be quite that long, now that everyone knows what they are doing. But I'd rather overestimate than disappoint you."

I nod. "Sounds good."

I convey myself over to the counter. "Now, payment. You said you wanted other metal samples?"

He makes a gesture with both arms, striking out to the sides. It's a bit like a shrug, but I'm really not sure that it means the same thing.

"Yes! So many things become possible with complete purity! And... Since most of the enchanting work here doesn't actually require my personal oversight..."

I nod. "Right. Wasn't sure exactly what you wanted, but..."

The Atlantean language is pretty similar to ancient Greek dialects. Diana told me that she and King Orin can understand each other fairly well without translation, though the idioms don't work at all. I thought it best to write the name of each metal on each ingot, and nearly forgot that Sephtian almost certainly doesn't speak or read English. I asked Diana about it, and it turns out that Themysciran Greek doesn't have names for a number of the elements in the periodic table. They can refine to complete purity, but haven't ever done much work with elements they can't mine themselves.

"Tin, Gold, Silver, Copper, Aluminium, Titanium, Lead, Zinc, Tungsten, Nickel and Cobalt. Are you sure it's alright to just put them here? Most of these react with sea water."

He waves a dismissal with his right hand. "My workshop is enchanted to prevent certain types of chemical reaction. I realise, in terms of chemistry, Atlantis is a long way behind the suuuurface..?"

The chemistry textbooks with pages made of polymer substrate materialise next to the ingots. Nothing amazing by surface standards. I really don't know what sort of level of chemistry education Sephtian has. Since everything they do down here involves the manipulation of materials by magic, I suppose that conventional reactions are only relevant if they want to prevent a particular reaction happening. But Sephtian clearly knows that there's something out there that he doesn't know, so he must know something, right? Just in case, I got a range from real beginner stuff covering appearance and basic uses, through secondary school textbooks on to more specialised guides to industrial processes. I wasn't completely happy with some of the translations, but I'm sure that he'll manage. And if the way he's picking them up in turn and caressing them, he's happy with them.

"Um, Mister Constantine-."

"Is calling me 'John' against the rules or something?"

"... No. I can call you 'John' if you prefer? I didn't want to presume."

"Think so, mate. Not used to posh people being polite to me. Messes up my world view."

"Um, I'm not posh. I'm middle class. I mean, my parents are. Well, my paternal grandparents were upper middle class, but they went down a level after the Second World War. I suppose.. don't know... how the class system deals with superheroes."

He chuckles.

"What?"

He shakes his head. "Don't worry about it, mate."

"Er, okay. Would you mind taking a look at this?"

I take the section of missile epidermis out of subspace, creating a pocket of air around it and positioning it so that the sigil is toward John. He leans towards it slightly, peering at the design.

"Any ideas?"

"Yeah. Used something like it myself a few times. It's a ward. Supposed to prevent someone scrying for whatever you put it on. You know what the symbol's made of?"

"A conductive polymer, probably drawn on with a circuit pen."

"Hm. Generally stick to chalk, meself."

"But apparently other things work. I saw a television series once where a man held off a demon by standing in a magic circle made of light. Would that actually work?"

He tilts his head to the side for a moment. "Maybe, if the guy inside knew his business. Be a stupid way to die if the demon was bright enough to cut the power."

"Let me see that." Sephtian still has 'Modern Industrial Chemistry' clasped to his chest like a teddy. "Mm, yes, scrying ward. Weak, though. I doubt it would hold off a skilled practitioner."

"Not on its own, but if you combine it with a few things-."

"Yes, but there's nothing else here." He turns back to me. "Where did you get this?"

"Taiwanese Brave Wind anti-ship missile."

A moment of recognition from John. "Oh, that was you. Should'a realised."

Sephtian looks from me to him and then back again. "Ah..?"

"Three days ago I took part in preventing a peace conference from being destroyed by these." I create a life sized missile construct. "I couldn't scan them with the ring for some reason, and since I still can't scan this plate, I'm going to assume that the scry ward is interfering with it."

Sephtian blinks. "Could do. I'm surprised that it's still working. I.. was assuming that your ring didn't use magic?"

"Technology this advanced, there isn't much of a distinction. I don't suppose there's an easy way around it, is there?"

"Oh, any sort of scrying focus would probably bypass it. Or having more than one person scry at the same time. I don't think... Hm. Mister Constantine?"

"Yeah, I think you're right there. Don't suppose there's any chance the Taiwanese put it there themselves?"

"I'll ask, but I doubt it. A surprisingly large number of people have found a way to evade my ring scans lately. Are you saying that having several people scan it at the same time would get around it?"

John and Sephtian look at each other for a moment, then Sephtian nods. "Yes, if a single example of this was the only protection they had. This-" He waves a hand at it. "-is poor workmanship. Really, I'm surprised that the binding has held the spell for as long as it has."

"The missile went from the launch site to the target in less than a minute. I starting scanning a little before they launched, but not by much."

"Oh, it would easily work for that long. But if people are evading your detection for a sustained period of time, I would assume that they have access to something better."

"Any chance you could come up with a way to counter it?"

"For a magic user? Certainly. Easily. For you? Mmmmmno."

"Right. I suppose that would have been too easy. Thanks for your help. If you could show me your revised designs?"

10th September
10:22 GMT -2

I hadn't thought about it, but even though the inhabited parts of Atlantis only cover a fairly small area of the sunken continent they aren't restricted in how high they can go. There's still a down -usually- but if you step out of a fiftieth story window here you just stay there rather than falling as you would on the surface. Plus, their use of bioluminescence means than sunlight isn't an issue. So, they usually build up rather than out, and they don't dig down. Oh, they build foundations, but Sephtian found the idea of a basement quite strange. Buildings in Shayeris are often a sort of mushroom shape, while in Poseidonis they seem to favour tall thin towers with the apartments projecting out from the side like boils. At ocean floor level the feel of being in ancient Greece is still pretty strong, though I doubt these buildings actually predate the sinking.

I asked about the Formulae, and it was all I could do to stop myself laughing when Sephtian actually said 'Oceanus' breath, Orange Lantern. I'm an artificer, not an alchemist.' Clearly he's never seen Star Trek, and I don't think I'd be able to explain why it was funny to him. So, after picking up a couple of what Sephtian called 'apprentice level' books for John we headed off to Poseidonis. Didn't get around to seeing much of the interior of the Conservatory of Sorcery last time I was here, but there certainly weren't all these guards. Most of them are Sharkmen... um, Sharkfolk? How would I tell..? No, not thinking about it. There are a few fish-tailed types as well, but I'm not seeing any Purebloods.

The outer parts of the Conservatory are clearly in the Greek style, with a large and quite out of place Atlantean tower in the centre of the complex. Interestingly, no effort appears to be being made to keep down the level of aquatic plants. I don't think that they're part of a garden, but maybe they use them for reagents? Mindful of what happened during my first visit to Atlantis, I bring myself and John to ground level at the edge of the plateau on which the Conservatory sits, and make sure that the guards have seen us before starting toward the main entrance. There are four of them on duty -three Sharks and a Triton- and the Triton nods at two of them who start swimming in our direction.

"You sure about this, mate?"

"They're probably from Nanauve. Like I said, King Orin's had to temporarily replace a large chunk of the local garrison with the Sharks. Don't worry, they'll behave themselves." He gives me a sceptical look, and lights a new cigarette. I wave my index finger in the Shark's direction. "Come on."

I walk forward to meet them, and John follows me. Once we get to within easy speaking distance the Sharks stop in the water. Atlantean soldiers usually carry a type of arcane sonic pulse weapon, but the Sharks have theirs stowed in favour of a short straight sword and a shield. Some of the ones I saw yesterday were in Nanauvian red and blue, but the armour these wear is Poseidonian turquoise.

"Warning: arcane sigil detected."

John looks at me in surprise. "Your ring can talk?"

"Hm? Yes?"

"Exactly how in-."

"Identify yourselves."

The Sharks' posture doesn't suggest that they're particularly worried about us, but I notice that the two still on the steps have drawn their ranged weapons. They aren't pointing them at us just yet, but they're being cautious.

"I am Orange Lantern two eight one four. I was hoping that I could use the library, maybe book a consultation with one of the Conservatory's scholars?"

They look at me for a moment. Then the one on the left tilts his head slightly forward. "Aren't you the guy who caught Ocean Master?"

"I was part of the group, yes."

The one on the right shows an interest. Their voices remind me of those belonging to the Krogan. "Did you really cut his hands off?"

"Um, yes?"

"What did they taste like?"

I blink. Need to research Atlantean rules of engagement.

"I didn't eat them. I didn't know where they'd been."

That gets a laugh from both of them. The one on the left nods. "The Queen put you on the accepted visitors list. You're fine to go in. Who's your friend?"

"This is John Constantine. He's a... A visiting scholar, from the surface."

Right Shark looks puzzled. "I didn't think the surface world had magicians."

He looks at them both in turn, inhaling deeply through his cigarette. Then he removes it and breathes out a cloud of smoke, which goes.. through.. the environmental shield? How did..? It wafts toward the guards, and as it reaches them it seems to shift its shape. I can't see what they're seeing, but both of them instinctively crouch and raise their shields as it passes through them and then dissolves into the water behind them.

"John!"

He returns the cigarette to his mouth with a smug grin. This could be very bad.

The Shark on the right turns his head away from us, a difficult feat for someone with no apparent neck. "A phantasm. I can't believe you fooled us with a phantasm. Could you, like, not tell anyone that happened?"

"Don't worry, mate. Lips are sealed."

Left Shark wiggles his head. "Uh. Guess you're okay, then. Come on."

They swim in a loop around us, dropping down to our level at our sides as an escort. I start walking again. Right Shark is now next to me, and Left Shark is next to John.

"So, are you enjoying working in Poseidonis?"

He exhales sharply. "I was liking it just fine, 'till they stuck us guarding-."

"Alki!"

Left Shark tries to shut Right Shark -Alki, I suppose- down.

"What, Ceyx? You really like him so much?"

Ceyx rotates his head to the left for the moment.

"Thought not. Only good thing about having two kings is it doesn't matter too much if one of them's a-."

"Report!"

The Triton on the steps has stowed his ranged weapon -note to self, find out what those are supposed to be called- and has swum down to meet us. Our escort simultaneously bang their shields with the butt of their swords.

Ceyx swims to the fore. "Sminias. Orange Lantern and guest. They want to use the library."

"Have you confirmed his identity?"

Alki looks at me for a moment, then back to his superior. "He's glowing orange."

I hold out my left palm, and project a large orange sigil out in front of me. Sminias looks at it, then nods.

"Orange Lantern, welcome. All Atlantis owes you a debt for defeating Ocean Master. I'll let the Queen know that you're here."

"Oh, there's no need to disturb her. I'm not doing anything I need to talk to her about."

"She's said that she wants to speak to you anyway. Ceyx, Alkiphron, escort them in to the library."

"This is my kind of library."

"Because it's full of arcane lore?"

"No. Because it doesn't have a 'no smoking' sign."

I was expecting something like the library at the University of Sussex. Central light well, rows of bookshelves, a few desks around the edge and large windows. What we've got is a series of rooms with fairly small areas of floor space. Around the edge of each are scroll racks, rising to the ceiling. The rooms are about ten metres tall, so that's a lot of scrolls and I have no idea what organisational system they use. Ceyx and Alkiphron have no idea either. I've extended the ring's translation ability to John, but after his first attempt to swim up to the top of a scroll rack while wearing a trenchcoat I suggested that he stick to the bottom scrolls. He's about as athletic as I was before getting the ring.

I'm not much use either. We're looking for stuff on alchemy, thaumaturgy and soul structure, and unless one of those words was specifically mentioned I could go right past the scroll we want without realising it. I've been trying to read up on the subject of magic generally, but this is probably the greatest store of magic learning on the planet. I'm as far out of my depth metaphorically as I am physically. I can't even scan for it: unsurprisingly, the whole place is warded against scrying. And the light comes from the floor and ceiling equally. Twice now I've found myself getting confused about which way 'up' is.

John found it a bit amusing that I'd volunteer for the same sort of soul carving that he used on Chantinelle when I'm the one person on the planet that he can't do it to. I'd need to have a soul first. Can't believe I didn't spot that particular rub sooner. Plus, I do kind of want one anyway. Bargain basement immortality might not be much, but it would still be an improvement on my current position. John said that he'd be happy to help, as he's curious what happens when you give a soul to something that isn't supposed to have one. Another poke in the eye to the powers that be, I suppose.

I slip a scroll on the spiritual resonances of amphibians back into the rack. "It's no good, John. We need a librarian."

John rotates the scroll he's holding through ninety degrees and peers at it, before giving up and rolling it back up. "Think you're right there, mate. Ceyx, you know where the front desk is?"

Ceyx nods, and takes the opening to the north. That's something it took me a while to pick up but now I can's stop seeing: no doors. There were these sort of screen shutter things in Kaldur's family home, but there aren't any external doors anywhere I've seen, including this school. We go through five rooms similar to the ones which we've already passed before coming to a large room with rows of desks and -Hallelujah!- a librarian station. This place needs a waterproof computerised catalogue. I notice several students reading things at the desks, including Garth and Tula. She waves at me, and Garth turns around to look at who it is she's spotted. Since no librarian is in evidence, might as well say 'hello'. First though, the escort.

"Ceyx, Alkiphron, thank you for bringing us, but I think we can manage from here."

Ceyx looks at me, then around the room. Did I mishear earlier? Are we required to have an escort? "Alright. If you say so."

Alkiphron nods. "We were just using this as an excuse to skive off, really."

Ceyx sags as his colleague continues.

"With Ocean Master gone and Black Manta having lost most of his men in that last attack, I don't even know why we're here. And hanging around inside beats hanging around outside."

Ceyx shoves him toward the door. "Get moving."

As they reach the exit Alkiphron turns back to us. "Careful now: some of these scrolls can be vicious. And none of them have hands! Heheheh!"

Ceyx takes hold of his dorsal fin and uses it to shove him forwards.

"Ow! What'd'you do that for?"

John takes a drag on his cigarette before taking it out of his mouth with his left hand and pointing it at our retreating guides. "Don't know about you, but I'm a lot less scared of Sharks than I used to be."

I nod, then beckon him. "Come on, I want to introduce you to some people."

I lead him over to where Tula and Garth are sitting. Garth, who's closest to us, rises.

"Garth, Tula, nice to see you again."

Garth nods. "Orange Lantern. Who's your friend?"

"This is John Constantine. He's a magician from my home country. Um, the equivalent of my home country in this parallel. We're trying to get some information, but it's a bit of a maze here..."

Tula pricks up her ears at 'magician'.

"Oh! Well, we can show you around. What are you looking for?"

I look at John. Come on, magic talk time. He rubs his chin with his free hand.

"Some sort of introductory guide to Atlantean alchemical practice would be nice. And anything you've got on thaumaturgical studies of the soul, how it can be damaged and repaired."

Garth frowns at the second one. "That's a bit-."

"You're trying to help Paul get a soul? Is that even possible?"

"Dunno 'till we try, do we?" He looks at me speculatively. "Not sure you were supposed to tell me his name, though."

Her face falls. I wave my right hand. "Don't worry about it. I don't have a civilian identity to protect. Probably want to be more careful with the others, though."

"I'm so sorry. Secret identities aren't something that exist in Atlantis." She rises out of her chair. "I'll take you to the scrolls you-."

"Actually." Garth glances at John then turns back to her. "Why don't you take John Constantine to the alchemy section, and I'll take Orange Lantern to the restricted section. No offense-" He looks at John. "-but some of the spells there are really dangerous, and we don't know you at all."

Makes sense, I suppose.

John nods. "Alright. Lead the way, love."

Tula swims toward the exit on the left and John wades after her, thin orange line still connecting us. As they leave the room she looks at his mouth with a slight frown. "Why do you have a burning stick in your mouth?"

I turn to Garth. He appears to be studying me, and I have a momentary urge to check if there's something on my face. "This way."

He rises up into the middle of the room, and leaves through an exit in the roof I didn't even see until just now. I follow.

Garth doesn't seem to appreciate exactly how hard navigating around Atlantean buildings is for someone who isn't used to it. He keeps shooting ahead, and it's getting a bit irritating.

"Hey, Garth!" He stops at the entrance to the next room. "How's the background checking on the Ocean Master's appointees going?"

His face hardens, and he looks away. "Mine was finished yesterday."

What?

"Wait, what?"

He looks back at me. "Prince Orm was King Orin's regent. He didn't just approve palace appointments for his own agents, his name is on nearly everything. Including the royal scholarship grants that make it possible for Tula and I to study here."

"Oh. I'd.. I'd assumed that Queen Mera would be responsible for that sort of thing."

He shakes his head. "In exchange for the scholarship, we agree to spend several years in the military as battle mages. Since the military's involved, it has to be approved by the royal court. I had thought that I'd got approval from the senate committee, or the military education board. But apparently Prince Orm signed it himself, and, since I'm a Pureblood..."

I feel like I should be apologising. "You know.. they have to be thorough, right? I'm sure no one actually thought that you'd-"

"It felt like they did." His face relaxes a little, and he turns back to the exit. "Come on."

One more east, then up two and we arrive in a larger room. It's much shorter than the other two, and there's a couple of attentive looking Shark guards between what appears to be a reception area and another room which holds the familiar scroll racks. The short passageway between them is covered in gold symbols, presumably being used to bind protective spells in place.

Ring, optical scan and identify when able.

Compliance.

Garth swims ahead to speak to the guards. "Garth of Poseidonis and Orange Lantern.. two eight one four, to access the restricted section."

The guard on the left nods, then pulls two small amulets off his belt and hands them over. I move up to him, and he hands one over. "You'll need this to go inside"

"Um, is it safe for me to wear this?"

He thinks about it for a moment. "It should be. It doesn't do anything to you, it just stops the defensive spells inside registering you as a threat."

Alright then. I nod. There doesn't seem to be any sort of fastener, so I try just pressing it against the strap of my vest. Nothing. Um. Trouser pocket, that works. Garth watches me put it away, then walks through the passage to the room with the scroll racks. I walk after him.

"How basic do you want?"

I stop at the entrance to the passage, and run a sceptical eye over the runes. I should be safe, right? "I'm not sure. John can already-." I take a step into the passageway, and a piercing shriek nearly deafens me before I ring up some ear protection. Garth stares at me in confusion for a moment, then everything goes white and cold. Ice! The water's turned to ice!

Ring, armour, construct armour, break the ice!

Shards of white explode away from me as the water churns. A portcullis has dropped over the far end and Garth's turns, staring in astonishment. Lightning bolts spend themselves against my armour. I turn, and there's another portcullis through which a couple of hostile looking Sharks are staring at me.

The lightning cuts off, to be replaced by force beams like those used by Atlantean soldiers. I add a dome shield. What's going on! No, can't worry about it. Confusion is a distraction. I need to not be here.

"Ring, vacuum tube transition!"

After last time, when the ring told me that I couldn't FTL under water, I came up with a way around the restriction. By forcing water away from a particular area, I can create a zone where FTL travel is possible. I need an area for re-emergence as well. The whole thing's a bit avarice intensive, but with the noise and the surprise violence I have no problem wanting OUT enough.

A narrow orange beam projects from my dome shield and through the portcullis on the exit side of the passageway. The standard dislocation, and the vacuum around me collapses. I'm standing facing the backs of the guards, who whirl around to confront me.

"Come on! You gave me the entry pass!"

They take no notice, raising their shields and spreading out in an attempt to become harder to hit. The Atlantean military really needs better briefing on Lantern capacities.

Scan, Pithing Needles.

Lines of orange extend from my armour chest plate, and curl around the Sharks. Both strike home next to the base of their dorsal fins, but for some reason there's a moment of delay while the Sharks are still able to react. Left Shark is brought to a dead stop as the construct takes effect, but Right Shark is a bit faster off the mark and brings his sword around, severing the construct. Huh?

Warning: slicing sigil detected. Warning: fortification sigil detected.

I jerk the other tether aside as he slashes at it. Realising that he isn't going to free his colleague, he pulls his strike and surges forward toward me. I send chains in four directions around him and try to grab him from behind. He swirls in the water and slashes at them, cutting the one heading for his sword arm and blocking another with his shield. I get both his legs, though, and drag him back. He tries to bend to cut those too, but his body isn't really designed to move in that way. Plus, he's assumed that the constructs he cut are no longer a threat, when in reality I just lost control of the bit which was severed.

Instead, they become Pithing Needles and strike the armour on his now exposed back. A moment of resistance, then he goes still.

Construct resistant armour? Wonder if I can get Sephtian to do that to mine? Now, how to I turn off the alarm? I move to the portcullis, subspacing the Shark's swords and shields as I pass. The inside of the passageway seems to have calmed down. At the other end, Garth looks like he's trying to cut through the portcullis, but stops when he sees me. I throw my hands up in the air.

"What just happened!?"

"What did you do to the guards!?"

"What? Oh, just paralysed them, they'll be fine. How do we turn the alarm off?"

He stares at me for a moment. "Uh, I'm not sure. I think the Queen has to-."

A flare of light behind me. I turn, and a vast lilac manta fills my vision. Star Sapphire? The back wall is.. gone. There's a distortion around the place it used to be, and the side wall glows where the join should be. I crouch, raising a orange sigil emblazoned tower shield in my defence. Behind the manta I see more Sharks, a couple of Tritons and... Oh.

Hello, Queen Mera.

"I'm really sorry about this, your majesty."

Her escort are checking over the two Sharks I paralysed, and Sminias is waving some sort of wand at the portcullis. The siren finally stops and the portcullis retracts into the wall, leaving no sign that it was ever there.

"That's alright, Orange Lantern. I am just curious as to why the defences reacted to you. You do have an access talisman, I hope?"

"Er, yep, hang on."

Ring, regular clothes.

Once my armour has been replaced I reach into my pocket, pull out the talisman and hand it to her.

She looks at it for a moment. "It seems to be in working order. Are you carrying any other enchanted artefacts?"

"Um, yes." I fish out the Spell Eater Ward, and hold it out on the end of its thong.

She regards it with curiosity. "I do not recognise the design."

"The design didn't exist until last week. Sephtian... Um, he's an artificer, lives in Shayeris?"

"I know of him. I made his one published work a set text."

"Right! That's how I heard of him, reading Kaldur's textbooks. So, he found a way to prove that for a particular amount of magic energy, it was always more effective to use lots of little spells than one big spell."

"Orange Lantern, I am somewhat familiar with theoretical thaumaturgy."

"Yes, yes, of course you are. Sorry. So, I went to see him, urm, and he explained that the problem in doing anything with his work was that he couldn't get materials pure enough or create bindings small enough to make it work. But then I realised; I have a power ring, and power rings are really good at fabrication."

She looks a little closer. "What does this amulet do?"

"He calls it a Spell Eater Ward. Sucks the power right out of anything.. that..."

Oh.

She lowers her head slightly. "I think that we may have located the problem. The spells guarding the restricted section of the library attempted to detect your access talisman, and your ward began draining their power."

"Oh."

"Precisely how potent is it?"

I shrug. "Sorry, your majesty, but I'm not at all familiar with theoretical thaumaturgy. I got the impression from what Sephtian was saying that it's very effective."

She looks at it with interest. "I wonder." She makes a circle with her right index finger, leaving a glowing white trail in the water. Then, she pokes the centre of the circle. For a fraction of a second, a shape appears, but it's gone before I can get a good look at it. The rest of the circle swiftly follows suit. "Goodness. And you say this took you and he a week?"

"Four days design work. And we found a way to let a whole team work on the enchantments without disrupting each other."

"That is a remarkable achievement in itself. I may have to find an opportunity to speak with Sephtian."

"Er, this is just a prototype. I've got him working on a batch of the final version now. If you can wait a couple of weeks... What?"

She's staring at me. She looks... nervous..? What's happening?

"How much more effective will the final product be?"

"We don't have one yet, but he said about twice as effective."

"How long to they take to make?"

"He estimated that twenty of them would take fifty days. Maybe less."

Her eyes drop. She takes a breath. "Goodness."

"That's alright, isn't it? He didn't say anything about ward creation being illegal, and I really need the defence."

"Illegal, no. However, the ward which you are wearing is two orders of magnitude more effective than anything of a comparable size I have ever seen."

"Is that.. bad?"

She thinks for a moment. "I would not say that it is bad, precisely. I will need to discuss this with my husband."

I really hope that I haven't just dumped Sephtian in hot water. Garth cautiously emerges from the passageway, and I slip the ward back under my vest.

"What are you hoping to find in there?"

"As you know, I'm what Atlanteans call a Hollow Man. I know that Kaldur focuses magic through the tattoos on his back and arms. I was hoping that by studying the... By studying how they function, a colleague of mine by the name of John Constantine might be able to create some sort of channel.. system.. thing... I don't know the terminology... That would cause me to develop a soul-like structure. Since I don't have whatever normally causes a soul to develop."

"An interesting theory. It.. may be possible. Who is 'John Constantine'?"

"An English magic user. Not much formal education or power, but intelligent and very cunning." I point at the orange line running from my leg down through the library. "He's on the other end of this tether, actually, if you want to talk to him. Tula's showing him the alchemy section."

Her eyes glow white for a moment as she stares into space, then she refocuses on me. "You have an interest in alchemy as well?"

"Sort of. This, is a small preparation of the formula which gave the Flash his super speed. This, if injected into the womb of a pregnant animal, will result in offspring who are supernaturally strong and resilient. But no one, not even the people who first developed them, knows how or why they work. I've eliminated chemical reactions as a possibility. That leaves alchemy, and this is the best place to research it."

"You will certainly have your work cut out for you. I presume that your intent was for your ring can make copies of the content?"

"If that's alright?"

"Orange Lantern, access to information of this sort is restricted because the potential for abuse is so high. While I have no doubt that you intend to use it as you say you do, I would not have that security if anyone else were to gain access to it through you." She pauses, considering the matter. "I will allow it, on the condition that you limit access to Justice League affiliates, and that you share your findings with the Conservatory. I would be interested to see what someone with a completely different background will make of the subject."

Um...

"John... John isn't affiliated with the Justice League. I mean, he knows Mister Zatara, but they aren't particularly close. He's.. he's the only person I know with expertise in this field."

She nods. "I will speak to him, before making a final decision. In any event I am content to give you access, and perhaps you could find a researcher in Atlantis to help you in John Constantine's stead."

True, but really awkward.

"I will acquire the scrolls which you will need from the restricted section, and then we will go and speak with your magician."

"Thank you, your majesty." I give a shallow bow. "That would be very helpful."

10th September
10:57 GMT -2

I'm back in the reading room, scanning through the scrolls -and in one case a stone tablet- on soul magic. The wards prevent me doing a mass scan, so I have to unroll each one and scan it by eye. Garth's sitting across from me, presumably either to make sure that I don't damage anything or to make sure that I don't go mad from the revelation. No need to worry about that, this is far beyond my level of comprehension. Tula's gone back to her own reading, and over by the librarian's station John and Queen Mera are talking animatedly. He started talking about an event where someone attacked him by using ley lines as a conduit for fear magic, but they've moved on since I tuned them out.

When we followed the orange thread back to the couple of rooms which contain the Conservatory's information on alchemy, I could feel John preparing a truculent response to Queen Mera quizzing him. He clearly had no idea who she was, but some frantic eye and chin movements from me seemed to encourage him to bite down his typical response to someone in authority attempting to stop him doing something. He actually turned on the charm, and he can be very persuasive even without magic.

Wait. Did Queen Mera just giggle? He does know that she's married.. doesn't..? No, don't worry about it.

"Do you need to concentrate to do that?"

Garth isn't exactly chatty. Before today we'd only spoken a few words to one another, and our trip to the restricted section wasn't much of an ice breaker.

"Not really, I just have to want it." I reroll the scroll and move it to the side, before picking up the next.

"Then, do you mind if I ask a question?"

"Of course not. What is it?"

"I spoke to Kaldur about your rescue of Queen Mera. You defeated one of the most feared battle mages in Atlantis in a few seconds. How did you manage that?"

I shrug, and begin unrolling the scroll. "I was wearing a ward which absorbed his first spell. Then, I noticed that his hands were unarmoured, and struck. Pureblood Atlanteans are tough, but not tougher than my circular saw constructs."

"How were you able to strike with such precision?"

"My mind controls my construct. It took a bit to work to learn how to focus my desire to harm my target into something capable of precision strikes, but actually performing them isn't that hard. Didn't hurt that he had to split his attention between the four of us, and I think that he might have dismissed me after his armour blocked my first attack."

"Why..?" He turns his head away, looking for a moment like he'd swallowed something unpleasant. "I'm not criticising what you did, but was there a reason why you didn't call for assistance? Even if you couldn't trust the palace guards, I'd... We'd have been more than willing to join you."

"Wasn't really my decision."

"Kaldur said that you advised him against it."

"I advised against telling Prince Orm." I shuffle the scroll along a little. "Look, I couldn't think of a reason for Ocean Master to leave the Queen alive. If we'd come to the Conservatory, we'd have lost time we didn't have to spare. It wasn't supposed to be a personal slight to you or anything."

He nods. "I.. know. But when Black Manta invaded Poseidonis, Kaldur made certain.. observations, about my combat skill."

Oh dear. "Uh, I don't know exactly what Kaldur was thinking, but he's been fighting alongside King Orin for two years now. There's things you learn from the practical experience of people trying to kill you that you don't get in training, however good it is. Plus, the four of us have been training at working together, and.. we haven't trained with you. Well, Kon, M'gann and I haven't trained with you, and Kaldur hasn't trained with you recently. We don't know exactly what you can do or how you react."

"You do have a point."

Problem described. Suggest a solution.

"There's a zeta tube in Poseidonis if you want to train with us. With the American school year started it's just me and Kaldur in the mountain for most of the day, and I'm sure he'd love to show you around."

Another scroll done. I roll it back up.

"I might take you up on that."

That it? Right then. I look around, but John and Queen Mera are still deep in conversation. I somehow doubt that we'll have trouble convincing her to let him review the soul scrolls.

Ring, charge?

Seventy four percent remaining.

Hmm.

"If this is really bothering you, I don't mind showing you how I fight. Do you have a sparring area here?"

He smiles. "This is a school for battle mages, of course we do. We usually practise combat magic on the roof."

"Oh, that's what the tower's for. Well, if you don't mind taking these back... Don't think I should risk that again."

"I don't think so either."

I create a small scroll rack, and a stand for the tablet. Then I push the seat back. "Lead the way, then."

He pushes straight up, and starts swimming to the ceiling.

"Garth?"

Garth's movement distracted Queen Mera from her conversation with John.

"Orange Lantern has finished with the scrolls, and he can't return them himself. He's also volunteered to spar with me."

John dodges making eye contact with her by scratching his head.

"I too would be interested to see how a Lantern fights. I was a little distracted on the last occasion."

Her hand describes an arc, and a portal to the restricted section appears. Garth takes the rack construct from me, and swims toward it.

"Your majesty, if you're going to be spectating, do you think you could take over providing John's environmental protection? I'd hate for him to drown because I got distracted." John glowers at me. I face shrug.

Queen Mera looks at him and smiles. "A sensible precaution. I'm sure I can manage something."

Garth returns, and Queen Mera opens a new portal. I see a view over the Poseidonis skyline. Sealine. Not sure.

"Right. Tallyho then."

"First question, what equipment do you fight with?"

Garth and I stand near the middle of the circular roof arena. Queen Mera, John and Tula are watching from the building side. John's standing in an air bubble Queen Mera created around him. I'm not sure how interested he is in this, but he is of the 'it's the journey not the destination' school of thought. Maybe a demonstration of Atlantean combat magic is right up his street?

"Battle mages don't usually use equipment. Things like Kaldur's Water Bearers are tools for people who haven't learned how to create those effects themselves."

Oooh.

I hold my arms out to the side. "Ring, armour."

"Compliance"

"And make the sigil glow."

The familiar weight of my armour settles across my body.

"I can't tell you to carry equipment until I get some idea how you fight, but for me? If I'm getting into a fight, I'm wearing armour. The armour of the Sharks who attacked me earlier was able to temporarily block my construct."

"I thought your armour glowed orange all over?"

"That's my construct armour. This stuff-" I tap the chest piece. "-will stop small arms and most unarmed attacks. This-" My construct armour appears. "-will stop a Taiwanese anti-ship missile strike. On a mission last month, Kaldur punched me repeatedly in the chest and face and I felt nothing. In training, I've had it sustain multiple strikes from Wonder Woman. The only things that have hurt me since I've come here are things that bypass it, telepathy and chaos magic."

"Any armour I could wear that could do that would slow me down too much."

"Ocean Master wore full plate. If he'd covered his hands and feet that fight could have gone very differently." That's a thought. "What's happened to his armour? I know Kaldur got his trident..."

"It's being studied in the Conservatory. The spells bound to it are extremely powerful, and we don't yet know how he was able to make it."

"I cut off his hands when every other part of his body was protected by armour I couldn't break. Your arms and legs are bare. You can spar like that, but I strongly recommend getting some armour, or protective spells or something before you go into the field."

He raises his arms in front of his, and lines running along them glow as a small blue barrier forms in front of him. "I can cast defensive spells."

"And when you're doing that, you're not doing something else. Here." I remove from subspace the shields and swords I took from the Sharks earlier. "Without a boost from magic or some other sort of unusual ability, melee combat's a joke. These swords can cut through my constructs and..." I launch a shield up, then chop at it with an axe construct. It holds. "The shield can take a hit. At least get a ward or something."

He appears to consider. "I'll think about it."

Well, I tried. He swims up a little into the water, and turns to face me side on. I push the swords and shields over to the spectators. "So, do we go on three, or what?"

He's not looking at me. He's looking at Queen-.

"Begin!"

His hands form a ball catching position at his chest.

Scan, various.

He registers as Human, even on sonics.

"I-"

His nerves are in the right places.

"-summon-"

Streams of water whirl around him, focusing on the point between his hands. His arms are glowing far more brightly than when he made the shield. Hmm.

"-the power-"

No need to mess about, I suppose.

Shockcrown.

A line of orange from my right shoulder connects with his forehead. His eyes go wide for a moment, then his spell falls apart as he starts to drift.

"Not a good choice. Far too slow in a location without cover, or without someone to distract for you."

Unshock.

He rights himself.

"Whenever you're ready."

A glow of a fraction of a second on the arm facing away from me, then he's speeding through the water up and to my right. His right arm comes forward and a bolt of electrical energy leaps from his hand to me. My construct armour takes it without complaint.

Ring, analysis?

Electrical energy appears to be conventional. Unable to determine how it remains focused through seawater. Unable to analyse generation method.

The electricity itself is conventional? Not troubling the Spell Eater, then. I send a series of orange lines out in different directions through the material of the roof, then create a nice big tower shield between myself and him. He slows, bringing up his left arm and intensifying the attack. I respond by sending a chain up from one of the lines, clamping it around his left leg and pulling him to the floor before binding him.

"It isn't easy to make conjured attacks powerful enough to break my armour."

I dismiss the chains and the shield. He rises to the floor and walks over to the spectators. For a moment I wonder if that's it, before he picks up a sword and shield and returns to the arena. I don't think that anything less than a full covering will help him significantly, but if it makes him feel better. I move back across the arena, taking his original place as he takes mine.

Lines on his arms glow as his arcane shield reinforces his enchanted metal one, covering not just his front arc but top, bottom and sides as well. I briefly wonder what the point is, before the lines on his legs glow and water churns as he rockets toward me.

I strike the shield with a circular saw construct even as I plot the FTL passage. I activate it as he reaches me, reappearing behind and just below. He slows and he passes through the space I had occupied.

Pithing Needle.

His shield collapses. Hmm. This is a bit dull. The ring is letting me cheat on years of magic education. I just have to study application while the piece of orange on my finger does the stuff that he's had to learn all of the supporting theory to do.

!Motivate!

Hmm. That might get him moving.

Ring, trunks.

My armour disappears, leaving my bare skin visible. Next, I swim up to Garth and take hold of him from behind, before generating orange light along my skin in a pattern similar to what I saw on that Hollow Man scroll Lori showed me the first time I was here.

Prepare the ham.

"Three falls! Now I get to eat your soul!"

"Garth!"

Huh?

Wooooosh!

The beams projected by certain types of Atlantean spell and weapon are not light energy or plasma, but are instead incredibly compressed water. A hit from the gun version will pulverise flesh and shatter bone. The spell version can do that, but it's more typically used to explosively decompress in the middle of enemy formations.

And, turns out? If you're dumb enough to drop your armour construct next to a woman who honestly believes that you're about to eat her boyfriend's soul? They really hurt, even through an environmental shield.

Fucking Wholeness fucking Rightly A-fucking-sumed.

Aaaagh!

I accelerate out of my aquatic tumble, two more compression bolts shooting past me. I've lost the pithing needle on Garth already. I risk a look in their direction. Tula raises her hands together, and the water around them shimmers. I don't see any effect, but she jerks suddenly and stops the spell.

Ready in Sixty Four Directions Stance.

My awareness expands. Tula's floating in front of Garth, and flinging her arms forward and launching more explosive water at me. I should consider myself lucky that she doesn't have a homing version of this spell; she's a shockingly bad shot, but she might still have done me a serious injury if that didn't matter. What's Garth up to?

"I summon the power of the tempest!"

Armour! Move! And drop the stupid Hollow Man glow!

A continuous tumult of water passes by at my left side. The most intense part misses me, but the outer eddies shoves me violently aside. Move faster. Garth's redirecting the flow, but I'm aware of his movements before he can bring it to bear. Quick check? No injuries, armour's fine. Now, if you'd been thinking, they'd-.

Wooooosh!

Barrier! Yes, one of those. Right. Turret, intercept.

An orange ray gun appears on my right shoulder and immediately opens fire on the incoming water bolts. To no effect. Not solid objects, of course. Switch to barrier creation and attempt to prematurely detonate.

Not sure why exactly Tula thought I was being serious. She must know that I can't actually eat souls, right? On the other hand, this might work as a training format. Blasting hasn't worked for them. What will they do next? The turret fires a beam which changes into a barrier just as Tula throws another water bomb. It detonates a short distance from them, knocking them both flat and throwing up a cloud of bubbles. Should I call this off? I don't want to seriously scare them. Queen Mera's still standing in place, and doesn't look seriously concerned. Hmm.

Five translucent fish the ring identifies as Payara shoot from the murk. The turret shoots the lead fish in the face, but the orange beam passes through harmlessly. Could be an illusion, could be insufficiently tangible for the impact to take effect. I put a beam through each one just to keep the summoners honest. Negative impact. They're moving at a fair old rate, so I evade, locate my bubble-clouded opponents and fire a pair of orange shots at their diaphragms. Something intercepts the beams, and the water clears enough for me to see the pair of them encased in a dome of ice. Their hands are glowing and their heads are bowed. Presumable their summoning pose? Not a bad idea, and I don't fancy finding out whether or not the fishes' teeth can pierce my construct.

Since that hasn't worked, I continue to evade. They're fast, but not quite as fast as me and I lead them on a circuit of the tower. Hm. A ghost fish construct might be useful. Ring, assimilate.

The beam curves around from my right side and seeks out the front fish. This time the beam makes contact and the summoning shimmers. Tula grimaces, cringes, and then straightens as the summoning collapses. Hm. Odd. Oh, just realised that it might have tried to assimilate her. Not doing that again, then. Another Payara appears just outside the ice dome, while the ones behind me spread out to try and trap me. They even remember that under water is a three dimensional environment. Hm. Does the ice barrier continue under the surface of the platform? No? Alright then.

I send a tether down, through the floor and under the ice barrier, then up between them.

Ring, transition.

The tether expands slightly for a moment, forming a vacuum channel past their defence. Then, I'm among them. Tula looks up for a moment before I double ShockCrown them. I use the point of contact to pull Tula over to me.

"You do know that I can't actually eat souls, right? Anyway, good work with the fish things, but you can't assume that a surface like this is an impenetrable barrier. Ring, unshock."

The constructs fade. Tula jerks away from me before steadying herself. Garth swims in a arc around me to float alongside her, watching me warily.

"Tula, you know I can't use magic. There's no way I could eat someone's soul."

"I felt it! You were feeding on my magic!"

Oooooh!

"You felt this." I change back to by civilian clothing and fish out the Spell Eater. "It's a new type of ward that consumes magic targeted at the one wearing it."

"But your tattoos..!"

I hold up my right hand, and light up a couple of different shapes under the skin. "You mean these? Ring generated. I'm sorry, I didn't realise quite how scared you'd be."

Garth looks me in the eyes for a moment, then looks away and shakes his head. "You copied them from that ridiculous scroll Lori showed you, didn't you."

"Yep. Hollow Men don't exist, remember."

Tula gapes at me for a moment, then gives a relieved laugh. "Oh, Lori's going to find this hilarious."

She and Garth hold up their arms, and after a brief glow the water surrounding us reliquefies. I repair the holes I made in the roof. Wouldn't want any water to get in, would we?

"Good work with the ethereal summonings, I couldn't hit them at all. Hey, can you make fish summonings of one type, and then convert them to something else?"

Garth and Tula look at each other for a moment, then Garth responds. "Maybe. Why?"

"It would be more difficult to stop a smaller faster target. If you could send it to the target as a minnow, especially with a distraction, it's far more likely to connect than if it's obvious."

They look at each other again. "We could.. try that."

"And armour. I know a guy named Sephtian, in Shayeris. Tell him I sent you. Urm, either of you want to go again?"

Tula shakes her head vigorously. "Oh, no. I think we've had enough excitement for one day."

10th September
14:57 GMT -5

"It sounds like you have had a productive morning."

I set the next test sample -a section of brick wall- in place fifty metres away on the firing range we've set up in the training area. Then I step aside as Kaldur takes aim with his new weapon.

"Had its moments. Of course, she changed her mind when John asked for a bout."

Kaldur's tattoos glow, and the trident sends repeated arcs of electricity at the target. "You said that he was not a battle mage."

"He's not. Demons, rituals, and mental manipulation."

Ring, accuracy?

Strikes cover an area 3 square centimetres.

Kaldur looks at me, and I shake my head. "Same again. I don't think you're going to get it better than that. Wanna try something else?"

Kaldur points the trident's head at the pool of water on our right, and a column of water about a metre wide arcs out before stopping in mid air next to him. The other end is still connected to the pool. Looks a bit like water bending, and I really wish Avatar existed here. "I do not seem able to solidify it. Freezing..." I feel the chill as the column freezes in a second, then hastily raise a barrier as it overbalances and slams into the floor next to him. It remains solid, though. Interesting. "It is powerful, but it lacks the flexibility of my Water Bearers. I do not think I would be comfortable taking in on a mission if it cost me my ability to generate shields."

"Ocean Master probably relied on his armour for that. Could you manage one handed?"

He shakes his head. "Water Bearers are designed to be wielded in pairs. Given the trident's size, I do not think that it would be practical to switch between them."

His tattoos glow again, and the ice rises into the air like a giant frozen candy cane. He shifts the trident to his right hand, holds up his left and clenches it into a fist. The ice shatters, but remains in the air.

Target.

A large archery target appears over the water. Kaldur gestures with the trident and a cluster of ice fragments fly forth and strike it dead centre. I shift the target, and he sends more ice to meet it.

"Did Tula win?"

"Hmm? Oh, no. John struggled out onto the arena, then turned around and just stood there. Tula takes her place, probably worried that she was going to accidentally kill him or something. Queen Mera tells them to begin, and Tula just sort of stands there for a few seconds before turning around and swimming out of the arena."

Kaldur's tattoos brighten as I begin moving the target around.

"She refused to risk fighting him?"

"No. She thought she'd already won. She actually refused to believe us when we pointed out that he was still standing there, until she turned back around to look for herself."

"He was able to affect her mind that easily?"

"He somehow got hold of one of her hairs when they were looking at alchemy scrolls. Tied it around his left thumb-" I point at my own. "-and made eye contact. I think he was trying to make the point that there are indirect methods for beating an opponent. Or about the importance of preparation." I think about that for a moment, and shake my head. "Or maybe he was just showing off."

Kaldur grunts and stops glowing. The remaining ice falls back into the water. He lowers the trident.

"You alright?"

"Prince Or-. Ocean Master is a considerably more powerful mage than I am. The trident is calibrated to be most effective at a level of energy which I am as yet unused to sustaining."

"So, less flexible, and you can't really get the benefit anyway?"

"I should be able to adapt to it with continued practise. But, in the short term, yes. I certainly will not be taking it on missions at any point in the immediate future."

Hmm. Shield generation. I know the sigils for shielding, and since bound weapons use their user's magic abilities... Some sort of bracer?

I cup my hands in front of me.

Fabricate.

The ring squeezes titanium from my subspace pocket into my hands in the form of a bracer. Gold threads run through the outward facing part in the shape of the 'shield' sigil. The bracer is in the 'open' position, but I've added the sigils for resizing the clasp, though I can't trigger it myself. I hold it out to him.

"Try this."

He takes it, and places it around his right forearm. "The workmanship is of extremely high quality. Did you purchase it while you were in Atlantis?"

"No, I made it just then."

He looks at me.

"Really. I can't enchant, but if I see a description I can probably create it. That's designed-."

"To generate a shield, yes, I see that. It does not appear to have a way to generate it's own water supply."

I shake my head and shrug. "Don't think I've seen a diagram of that. And I wouldn't know how to make the different effects work together anyway."

"It would not matter under water. On the surface, however..." He points the trident at the water, and a sphere about half a metre in diameter shoots forth and strikes the bracer. It splatters, then is pulled around into a tower shield shape connected to the bracer on its outer side. Kaldur tries moving it around experimentally.

"How does it feel?"

"Strong, but inflexible. You have also not included the components which would allow it to change shape."

Come on. "It's my first go, man."

"I realise that. I did not mean to imply that it is inadequate. For any artificer in Atlantis making such a device it would be the work of many months of careful design, testing and planning. There would be a number of additional features included as part of the design. They would also need to have been studying the craft for many years. To know that you created this in seconds, after only a few months worth of study..."

"Yeah, but I can't improve it without someone telling me exactly what to do. I was thinking of making something for Garth. Feel a bit bad about him not having any way to block my constructs. His shield was perfectly effective, but it didn't cover enough. I was hoping that I could eventually create full body armour with something like that."

He takes a closer look at the bracer, then looks over the rest of his body, presumably imagining what it would be like. "That may well be possible." He raises it in my direction. "But first, let us test this one. If it is at least as effective as the shield my Water Bearers generate, I may be able to use the trident after all."

*Supplementary, Renegade*
10th September
23:04 GMT -5

That was... unexpected.

Carefully, I reach across with my right arm and gently stroke the hair of the woman sleeping in the crook of my left. She responds by pressing herself more tightly against my side. Her breathing is regular and slow. Just to be sure, I check her brain activity. She's definitely asleep.

She seems so fragile like this.

I think I may have misjudged this situation rather badly. No, not badly, but... I hadn't planned for Jade to be anything other than a source of information. And if I'm honest, after I infiltrated Infinity Island's records, she wasn't likely to be of much use in that regard. But I kept seeing her. At the time, I thought I was doing it because I found her to be a fun and safe way to practise intrigue. The techniques don't come naturally to me, and my raw power means that I probably couldn't just pick it up.

I suppose I was wrong when I told Artemis that one woman couldn't... Hm. My skin doesn't respond to soft physical contact on its own anymore, but the ring allows me to detect touch, and relay it to the nerves under my outer plating. After realising that, getting complex feedback from a normal construct seemed like a perfectly natural progression.

She certainly seemed to like it well enough.

The intelligent, dispassionate thing to do would be to simply enjoy the sensation and not allow it to change my behaviour. But I'm an Orange Lantern, and I will not deny my own desires. And, surprising though it is, I find that I want her. Jade Nguyen is mine.

My original plan to set her up with a new identity post-League of Shadows will need a rethink. Particularly given the criminal activities she confessed to me this afternoon. Twenty seven murders... I don't think a pardon is likely. Four senior members of criminal syndicates plus nineteen of their bodyguards, those, we could work around. But five legitimate businessmen and one politician... I checked, and while the deaths are known to be murders there isn't much evidence linking it to her.

She more or less threw her crimes at me this afternoon. I think she was offended by me daring to say that I didn't care about what she'd done as a Shadow. Thing is, I've never cared all that much about the suffering of people I know. If I'm honest, I was always more concerned that I was responding to them in the way I was supposed to, expected to. Now that need is gone, and I certainly don't care about people I've never even heard of. I'm not working to get over how I feel about her work, or even accepting her in spite of it. It genuinely doesn't matter to me. Atypical for a superhero? Should I care?

No. I'm not a group. I'm me, and with this ring I can finally express exactly what that means. I'll destroy what physical evidence there is tomorrow.

!Mine!

The size of my chest makes it hard to see her from this angle, but a thin and almost lightless construct connected to my visual cortex allows me to look her over once more. I haven't seen her peaceful before. I want to see it more.

I shift slightly in bed. I actually had to reinforce it to hold my weight. I could have used the ring to compensate for our 'activities', but I might want to get some sleep tonight. I had been a little concerned that the hotel might not accept me, but it turns out that sufficiently large amounts of money can smooth over most problems. There'll be a tip for the cleaners when we leave as well. Would it be polite to turn the bed back? No, wrong question. Do I want to? No. Does it serve a practical advantage? Not really. I mean, I'm known, now. My face, my appearance and my power set are public knowledge. The fact that I reinforced a bed merely just adds interest, and it isn't so much heavier that they can't move it.

Will the fact that I was seen coming here with Jade cause a problem? Unlikely. Ra's knows that we're meeting. Wonder Woman knows that I like Asian women. She was less than pleased when she found out about Aichi. It seems that she thought I was considerably younger than my twenty nine years, but even after I corrected her on that score she felt that I was treating the women there as sex objects. I countered by pointing out that I talked to all of them before hand, and as such knew them considerably better than she did. That no coercion or deceit had taken place, and that not all women share her reticence on sexual matters.

That may have been overdoing things a little, but I've checked and as far as I can tell she's never even dated anyone. Mister Scott mentioned that during World War 2 she dragged her Air Force liaison officer -First Lieutenant Steven Trevor- to a couple of formal receptions after someone said that she was supposed to bring someone with her. He was fairly confident that they'd never actually been involved, however, as he was the one to explain to her how courting and romantic relationships work in Man's World, and why the women who she'd originally asked to go with her had been so shocked.

I'm a little surprised that Queen Hippolyta hasn't given her a nudge yet. Didn't she make a noise about grandchildren when Wonder Woman dated the idiot in the comics? He exists here, but he's a junior FBI agent and they've never met. Anyway, while Wonder Woman hasn't said anything about it since, I shouldn't risk her ire so casually. And -I stroke Jade's hair again- I don't think I'll mind at all switching my attention to Jade alone.

Hmm. I'm still planning on making contact with the Controllers once my year is up. I need to know that Larfleeze isn't in a position to threaten me, and I do rather like the idea of having other Lanterns around for backup. I'm not sure that Jade would want to leave Earth. I'll have to pencil in the League of Shadow's destruction for mid June, and see what she wants to do after that. I already have the faces and genetic patterns of most of it's members. I'll have to get serious about the extraterrestrial prison I've half started to plan. If I start picking people up I'll have to have somewhere secure to put them. I don't intend to risk comics nonsense ninjas ruining my work, and assimilating all of them would be dull. And of course, if the most practical plan is to kill them all, I'll want to know exactly where Jade stands before I leave the planet.

I've sort of toyed with the idea with taking the organisation over, but it seems like it would be a lot of work for little actual benefit. I might end up cherry picking a few useful people or arcane artefacts, but I have no desire to run a network of assassins. I suppose I could give it all to Mister Luthor, but I'm not sure that's really his thing either. Perhaps I could ask for his advice? They did try and kill him last week, and disposable Venom Buster assassins are a distinctly unpleasant development. Miss Grant was impressed that I removed the drug from their systems, but really that was the best option. There was no way I could have fought all seven of them and protected everyone.

My new Bane construct-lantern has been quite forthcoming. Apparently, once he took back control of the factory on Santa Prisca he was swiftly contacted by a League of Shadows representative looking for him to take over the contract from Kobra. And they're buying nearly all he can produce. The street price of Venom in the US has more than doubled since then due to the supply shortfall. Though I doubt that his factory is still their only source, I undertook a railgun strike on the place. No people were permanently injured, but they won't be manufacturing anything there anytime soon.

Perhaps the Shadows finally have a clue? Ninjas are for hiding. If you want to brawl with superhumans, come loaded for bear.

Ah, the League of Shadows can be a problem for tomorrow. I intensify the sensitivity of the nerves in my left arm and side, letting me feel every part of Jade's body which is in contact with mine. I can feel the texture of her skin, and dampness of her sweat, even the small scars on her arm and the larger one on the lower part of her left rib. I feel her chest move as she breathes, and I feel her breath as it moves across my skin.

I could get used to this.

Do I risk sleeping myself? She has some weapons in her clothing, but nothing that's within arms reach. Of course, if I were asleep my nervous system would be reduced to its natural sensitivity and she might be able to extricate herself without waking me. I might desire her, but I can't guarantee that she feels the same way. I want to believe it, but I think I'll leave having such complete faith for a while yet.

!Jade Mine!

How might I further convince her to remain with me? I undertake a detailed scan of her body, and mend her internal scarring. I leave the external ones. She might be proud of them or something. There are a few bruises, and I remove them. Hmm. I tweak her senses a little. They're all in fairly good order, but I doubt that she'll complain about having slightly better eyesight or hearing. All of those explosives aren't good for the ear drums. I take a moment to admire her musculature. Nothing else to do here.

Perhaps her mother? I know the woman is paralysed from the waist down, but I'm not sure how easy that would be to heal with a power ring. Is that something Ra's would be concerned about? No, she could claim that she was learning to manipulate me. I doubt that he'd object in principle, and Jade's already reported that I've killed her father. What about Artemis? Getting her a better weapon shouldn't be all that difficult. Amazons use bows, and some of them must either be enchanted or created using arcane materials. I wonder what they'd want in exchange? Or perhaps improved arrows?

Alas, I can't really risk giving Jade herself better weapons, and we've mostly talked about work when we've been together previously. I need to find out about her other interests. I remember hearing that roses are never wrong, but that does seem a little generic. Jewellery? I wouldn't have thought that she's the type. I'd use the ring to just find out what she wants, but that feels inappropriate for some reason.

I'm due to give Batman a report on my infiltration of the League of Shadows tomorrow. I think that I should be honest, if a little nonspecific when the precise nature of my relationship with Jade comes up. Or maybe it doesn't matter; he certainly isn't in a place to lecture me on having relationships with bad girls, and Talia wasn't even an informant when they were together.

11th September
17:41 GMT -4

"Are you actually reading my personnel file?"

Lessons are over for the day, and after going over the modifications Kaldur wants made to his shield I've returned to the training area to find Artemis studying a holographic interface with my face on the screen. She jerks when she hears my voice, half a second of guilt before her more typical aggressive response. "It's on the team's database. We all have access to it, Paul Candle. And you know everything about us anyway!"

"It's not Candle, I just couldn't communicate anything closer. And I'm not complaining. I'm just a bit surprised. I've been monitoring the file, and before now only Kaldur's accessed it."

"I've accessed it." Robin walks in behind me, towelling his hair which is still damp from getting drenched by a wave of water propelled by Kaldur's trident.

"Robin, power ring. If you'd accessed it, I'd know about it."

He smiles broadly, and walks past me to sit down on the steps leading up to the habitation area. How could he..?

Oh.

"Uuuuunless you accessed it from the Batcave. Which I'm not monitoring. Because Batman ordered me not to. And which contains one of three complete copies of the Justice League's database."

"You got it. Hey, I've been wondering; what actually happens if you violate an order?"

"I'm not sure. I had been assuming it would be something like what happened to Orion: hunted down and killed by some sort of giant monster."

"Harsh."

"Eh, I agreed to it."

"Can you actually do all this stuff?"

Artemis appears not to like what she's reading.

"Um, probably?"

"Faster than light travel."

"Of course. How do you think Lanterns patrol their sectors?"

"Create an energy shield a mile across?"

"About that. I struggle to go above a kilometre."

"Turn people into constructs?"

"You've met Teekl, right?"

"Accelerate your brain?"

"Yeah, but that always feels-."

"Alter every cell in someone's body?"

"You've seen the rats."

"And what exactly did you do to earn this?"

I shrug. Can't deny that I kinda won the superpower lottery.

"Nothing. Or if I did, I don't know what it was."

She huffs, and folds her arms across her chest. "That is so unfair."

"Green Lantern two eight one four A got Abin Sur's ring because he was closer to his crash site than Lantern Gardner."

Guy's smug could have powered Texas for a year when he got that confirmed. Turns out that the ring actually rated him slightly higher than Lantern Jordan due to the latter's dishonourable discharge. I told him that whole case was a nonsense, but I don't think he was listening.

"If it's any consolation I can't go home, and the only other person I know of who owns an orange ring was driven mad by it. And.. I.. don't.. have a.. soul..?" I rub the back of my neck with my right hand. Thing is, while Robin's skill set stretches to criminal investigation, tactics and computers, Artemis is pretty much just bow girl. Heh, only one string to her bow. "Um, I could give you celerity or super strength if you wanted. Probably need your parents to sign something..."

Robin straightens up. "You can do that to anyone?"

"I think so? We sort of lost containment on a.. super speed rat a couple of days ago, and I'm a bit reluctant to do more tests on live animals. But the strength boost works on everything except me."

Artemis still looks miffed. "'Cause you really needed it."

"Would have been nice."

"But what would you do if your ring ran out of power again?"

"Ring, small target, twenty five metres, range shields."

An orange line loops out of my right shoulder and across the room where it creates a small circular target. Two shield walls form a shooting lane. In a smooth motion I draw the pistol from my leg holster, ready, aim and fire.

Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.

I lower the gun, raise my right hand and jerk it back. The side walls drop and the target flies over, bullets suspended where they struck. The target is only about twenty centimetres across, and five hit the centre third and three hit the middle third. I pass it over to Artemis as I clean, maintain and reload, before reholstering.

She blinks at it, then at me. Robin seems similarly surprised, but she finds her voice first. "You carry a gun?"

"Yes. Taking a back up weapon seemed sensible. I've also been visiting a range in New York for training. I'd also like to point out that it's only a fraction as powerful as energy projections attacks the ring can generate. Or those beam pistols I made from Ivo's MONQIs."

"Huh."

Robin recovers. "So, uh, you made Superboy stronger, you're working on making Wally faster and you're making better equipment for Kaldur. What do we get?"

"If celerity and super strength don't take your fancy, I could probably improve your body armour?"

"No alien computers?"

"Sorry, I won't have much of a tech database until I can visit the Controllers. And.. I'm afraid that everything I came up with for Artemis involved, well..."

She raises an eyebrow and transfers her weight to her back leg. "Dropping the 'pointy stick launcher'?"

I eliminate the bullets and target.

"I didn't want to put it quite that way, but, I know you said that you wanted something that you can hold onto legally. And that makes sense! But on team missions, if you left the weapon here between outings, there's no reason you couldn't use something a bit-." I limply circle my right hand in the air.

Her eyes narrow. "A bit what?"

Um. How to put this? "Better. If you want to stay a ranged fighter, I could build you a coil gun. Or something that works using air pressure. Or some sort of micro missile launcher."

"The bow's fine."

!Wrong wrong wrong!

"Really? Because I'm pretty sure that there's nothing in your arsenal that can hurt, for example, me."

She steps up to me, staring into my eyes. "Wanna bet?!"

"Yes!"

"Fine! Stay right there!"

11th September
17:46 GMT -4

I'm pacing. Artemis stormed off in the direction of the cave's arsenal. Maybe I shouldn't have said that?

!Improve Upgrade Aid Make Better!

But, godsdamnit, it's a bow! It is a pointy stick launcher! She can probably get away with it during regular patrolling, but if she's comparing herself to me in the ranged fighter category there's no way she's going to be able to make up the difference if she won't upgrade her equipment.

"Don't you think that was a bit..?" Robin was smiling. Now, he doesn't sound so enthusiastic.

"Robin, you're pretty good with those throwing weapon things you use, right?"

"Yeah?"

"Would you seriously consider limiting yourself to just those? No staff, no taser. No personal computer?"

"Well.. no..."

"Because as I see it, that's what Artemis is doing. There's -just about- room for a bow in our line of work, but if she had to fight someone like me, it wouldn't be enough."

"But how likely is that? There's just the Green Lanterns,-"

I snort.

"-you, and that Larfleeze guy. And you said he never leaves Vega."

"And Thaal Sinestro. And whoever else the Qwardians have equipped. Or Star Sapphire, and whoever else the Zamorans have equipped. Or a magic user with a thing for barriers, teleportation and summoning. Power rings are only special in that they're so user friendly, there's nothing I can do that can't be done with magic."

He looks down for a moment. "I su-ppose..."

His head jerks up, and I turn to see what's drawn his attention. Aretmis has stormed back in, fists balled, muscles taut. She's wearing two quivers, each loaded with her fanciest arrows. Kaldur and Wallace follow in her wake.

Wonder where Kon and M'gann have got to?

Artemis heads directly for me and keeps going until she's right in front of me. She stares directly into my eyes. "Still feeling confident?!"

"Yes, actually."

"Then get a shield up, so I can knock it down!"

"Eh eh." I wiggle my right hand in front of her. "I said bet. What's on the line here?"

The intensity of the stare lessons for a moment as she thinks about it. "If I drop your shield, you have to learn how to use a bow."

"Alright. If you can't, after expending all those arrows, you have to learn how to use the weapon of my choice."

"Fine!"

I hold out my right hand for her to shake. She hesitates for a moment, then grabs in and squeezes hard. Petty. The ring prevents any pain, but I elect not to respond in kind.

"Minimum safe distance please, everyone." I rise into the air, floating over to the area above the water. I'm about five metres from the surface. No need to damage the floor after all. I change to a cross legged sitting position.

"Environmental shield to full."

My orange aura intensifies.

"Construct armour."

Glowing armour plates appear around my body.

"And lastly...

I want to win. I want to be right. I want to help her by showing her that she's wrong. I want my team to be as effective as they can be.

!Exalt Ingroup!

"Shield sphere."

A perfect sphere of orange light forms around me. It doesn't appear to be projecting from any one part of my body, but the area around me is so suffused with orange light I couldn't swear to it.

"Hey! You said one shield!" Artemis gestures angrily as she sets up on the edge of the water.

I hold up my hands. "And I meant it. You win if you break the outer one. I just want to avoid the possibility of getting hurt on the off chance that you actually manage it."

"Worried?"

"Are you?"

Her eyes narrow, and she puts a large explosive arrow on string.

"Kaldur, you alright about judging this?"

He tilts his head down slightly, and sighs as he makes eye contact with me. "I had hoped to persuade you both to settle your differences amicably. But if you absolutely must do this, then I accept." He turns to Artemis. "You will stop the moment I rule that his shield is down. Am I clear?"

She grits her teeth. "Crystal."

He looks at me. "Are you ready?"

I'm staring at the arrow.

"Am I glowing orange?"

"Artemis, you may begi-."

The first arrow explodes against my shield to minimal effect. The second hits before the smoke from the blast has fully dispersed. I had thought that she might try to overwhelm the shield through speed, but instead she's taking time to aim at the exact same spot. I don't think that my shield works like that. A third explosive, then a sonic shrieker which blows away the smoke and does no perceptible damage. What am I, a guard dog?

I smile and wave at her. Her quiver can easily hold about twenty point arrows, or about half that in specialist ones. If she's done the intelligent thing and overstuffed both of the quivers then I could be looking at anywhere between thirty and sixty, depending on what she's loaded.

What's she got now? An EMP arrow. Really?

"This shield isn't made out of ionised gas, you know!"

She looses it anyway. It strikes with a brief flash of white. No effect.

I've got this in the bag.

With a brilliant flash of white and a deafening bang -both suppressed by the shield- arrow forty six -a flash bang arrow- spends itself against my defences. Seven arrows to go, and the shield is barely scratched. I shouldn't be surprised: my environmental shield with no particular focus was able to hold off a shot from a Bialyan tank. Of the seven remaining arrows, four are simple point arrows and since neither of the others are atomic arrows or a phantom zone arrow they shouldn't be a problem. Since that's decided...

"Artemis, you're going about this in the wrong way!"

She's scowling, but hesitates as she reaches for her next arrow. Either anti-radiation or hard foam, neither of which would work. Kaldur remains impassive, patiently watching what I assume he believes to be needless infighting. Surely he'll see where I'm coming from? I mean, he's been fighting with his Water Bearers for what, two years? Then King Orin gives his the trident and he tries it out because it might work better. Wallace is standing next to Artemis. I imagine that he's making 'helpful' comments, though I can't hear them with the ring doing noise reduction. Should I tell him that I no longer think that he could beat me one on one? No, we're already working on the fix for that, it would just make him feel worse. Robin looks thoughtful.

"My shield isn't just an energy barrier, it's a literal manifestation of my desires. If you can't force it down, try finding something that will make me want to drop it. Even if I don't actually drop it, it might weaken enough for you to breach it."

She looks down as she thinks it over. Then she lowers her bow, and points at me with her right hand. I lower the level of noise reduction.

"Don't. Go. Anywhere."

I smile and shrug. She turns, and walks off toward the living area. Hmm. I float back over to the others, taking care to stay off the ground and to keep the shield up.

"Well, not much longer now."

Robin looks up. "Would that actually work?"

"Would what work?"

"Making you want to drop the shield? Or finding something you want more than winning the bet?"

"Of course. Same with distracting a Greenie, or calming a Red down, or destroying a Blue's hope."

"Sooo... what exactly would it take to do that?"

I raise an eyebrow. "Do your own homework, boy wonder."

"D'y'think..?" Wallace shifts uncomfortably. "Do you think that maybe you're being a bit hard on her? I mean, so a power ring's better than a bow, I mean what does that prove?"

I shake my head. "I don't mind her using a bow. I mind her refusing to consider trying something better. I mean, you want to be faster, right?"

He nods, but doesn't meet my eyes.

"And you,-" I turn to Kaldur. "-you've left the Conservatory, but you're still studying magic, and you're learning to use the trident. And me? I'm studying magic, and learning to build better constructs. We're learning, but we can't get better if we just decide that we're good enough already. Maybe this is a bit of a harsh way to-"

"Uh. Hey."

Kon?

Kon walks down the steps from the living area. He looks a little puzzled.

"Artemis said you wanted me to come out here and-" He reaches back, and pulls his t-shirt over his head. "-take my.. shirt off?"

I remember seeing something a few years ago that suggested that -as muscles gain strength through exercise- Superman should actually look quite weedy due to seldom having to exert himself. Looking at Kon, I'm glad that turned out to be nonsense. I don't think that giving him the Danner Formula has effected his physique visibly, but he still has a very pleasant looking tors-.

A point arrow breaks on the shield right in front of my face.

Oh, hah hah. I roll my eyes.

"That won't be enough."

I float upwards, and make eye contact with Artemis where she's standing near the top of the steps.

"I've seen Kon without his shirt on loads of times. And after I've won this bet, I'll probably see it loads more."

Another arrow to the face. I feel a twinge of nervousness as it releases a flare of violet light, but that doesn't do anything either. Ah, anti-radiation arrow.

"Not radio-ac-tive."

!Win!

Kon looks a little miffed. "You just wanted me to distract Paul so you could shoot him?" He puts his t-shirt back on. M'gann walks past Artemis, looking right at him. "Why did you think that would work?"

M'gann colours slightly when Kon asks. Having reflected long upon the matter, I think I might.. possibly.. like Kon. My earlier justification for not taking the matter further still stands; he still has little life experience, and I think he still needs my support too much for the sort of equality I think that sort of relationship requires. I don't know, I've never felt quite this way about another man before. I don't know if I'm properly characterising how I feel. Maybe this is just what really close friendship feels like?

And, whow, my shield just noticeably faded. Focus. Still want to win. Okay. we're back. It should be alright anyway, Artemis has already expended her heavy ordnance.

M'gann looks at me. "Um, what's going on?"

"I bet Artemis that she couldn't down my shield. She's down to her last five arrows, and she tried to use Kon to break my mental focus."

I drift in Artemis' direction as she readies an electroshock arrow.

!Triumph!

"Of course, if she were really thinking, she'd try showing me something I haven't seen before."

Artemis' eyes narrow. "What?"

"Not that hard to work out, is it? What have you got that might appeal to me more than Kon's chest."

The electroshock arrow hits my shield over my chest and bounces off, swiftly followed by three point arrows.

"Last cha-"

"RAaaaahhh!"

The hard foam arrow hits the shield in front of my face, and swiftly envelopes the shield. I'm not worried, as the substance doesn't contract significantly during hardening. I cross my arms with a smile as the room disappears. I'll use the ring to comm Kaldur and get confirmation that I've-.

"Uuuugh!"

I hear something clatter to the floor. Right. I'll get confirmation from Kaldur that I've won, and then start looking at weapon types. Artemis'll probably need a day or so to cool down, but after that we'll-.

"Recognised, Artemis, B, zero eight."

Huh?

12th September
06:43 GMT -5

I'm an arsehole.

I'm an arsehole.

It took a while to sink it. I knew that I was being a bit hard on Artemis, but I thought it was proportional to the potential gain. It wasn't until I cut my way out of the foam and none of the others would meet my eyes that I appreciated how far overboard I'd gone. And it wasn't until much later that I finally realised that I'd suggested to a fifteen year old girl that flashing me was her best tactical option.

I'm an arsehole.

Worse, I'm an arsehole who's in the Bat Cave for an appointment with his supervisor. Kaldur gave Robert Merrick his provisional approval yesterday before I tried to add myself to the American sex offenders register. And I asked Batman when a good time for a chat would be, and he said that he wanted to talk to me privately about a couple of things and that I should visit him in the cave this morning.

Irritatingly, some part of my mind is still trying to justify it. I remember in a wilderness survival lesson when one of the female members of my Scout troup expressed reluctance to share body heat, and the instructor asked whether her modesty would be more important than the life of whoever she was with. If that was what it took to stop a rampaging Red Lantern for example, would it not be correct to consider it? Maybe? No. It doesn't matter if it might have worked, it was still massively inappropriate! Artemis actually threw her bow to the ground and left the cave without it. I've got it in subspace now, and I'll give it back to her when I apologise to her today.

Unsurprisingly, the zeta tube exit in the Bat Cave is in a sealed room. The walls, ceiling and floor are made of reinforced concrete. Thick cables running along the ceiling power large florescent tubes in boxes of laminated glass. The floor is bare, and the door in the far corner looks like something out of a submarine. Tough, but not sophisticated. If I didn't know where I was -and if I didn't have a power ring which could scan the whole area anyway- I would have no idea that I was in Gotham, let alone in the headquarters of the current chairman of the Justice League.

Ring?

No, no automated defences. No gas dispensers, no guns, no bat robots. Maybe those are in the next room? Or maybe there's a zeta tube program for that, a warehouse somewhere with a one way zeta relay and a swarm of angry hornets, ready to go at a moments notice. Or maybe he assumes that anything that can penetrate the zeta network can probably handle anything it would be sensible to automate? The control computer for this tube is embedded in the concrete. Is this entrance only?

I walk over to the door and knock. A dull metallic thud. I think that the room's airtight. Hmm. I lay my left hand on the door and open it. There's a thud from inside as I bypass the mechanism and have the ring do it manually. The door swings toward me, and I step around it and out into the corridor. Oop, manners. Close the door and reset the controls first.

Okay, where am I? A walkway made of metal grating is attached to the sloping side of the cave, about two metres above the 'ground' level. The part of the wall which makes the outer wall of the room I have just left is concrete, though painted and textures to resemble the natural rock of the rest of the cave. The cave wall itself looks natural, but I suppose it could be artificial. I'm hardly an expert of rocks. The walkway is about eighty centimetres wide and curves around the side of the cave in straight sections before coming to what seems to the main work area. There are a small number of powerful lights in the ceiling, creating clearly lit areas while leaving deep shadows around them. In front of me, down on the 'floor' level of the cave, a black car -which I presume to be this parallel's version of the Batmobile- is parked with its rear facing me. I lean on the railing to take a look at it. It's surprisingly plain. No ridiculous bat-themed detailing. No glowing parts. No flashing lights. It looks a bit like a slightly oversized sports car. You could drive it around, park it in broad daylight, and it wouldn't attract too much attention. Sensible.

Doesn't seem to be anyone around. I don't seem to have set off an alarm though. I stand up straight. I'm a little early, I suppose. What does Batman do on Sunday mornings? If I had to guess, I'd have said 'go to bed after working all Saturday night'. Just wandering around feels like it would be rude. I could scan for him, but this is his home, and I am a little early. Instead, I walk along the walkway, around a corner and on to the main work area. There's the Bat Computer with numerous computer screens, and a work bench with numerous fancy looking pieces of scientific equipment. I don't see any of the mementos that most versions of this cave which I've seen before have, but I haven't seen everything and maybe he keeps them somewhere else.

Should I just wait here? He said seven, but I thought that security might take a little-.

"Can I help you, sir?"

English, upper class, formal. I turn, and see Alfred Pennyworth standing at the bottom of the steps down to the car with an enquiring expression on his face and a dustpan and brush in his hands.

"Mister Pennyworth-" I put my right hand to my chest. "- Orange Lantern two eight one four. I have an appointment with Batman scheduled for seven o'clock, but I'm a little early. Is it.. alright, if I wait here?"

"Please do. I will inform Master Batman of your arrival."

I give a shallow bow. "Thank you. Um. If he's picked up an injury? I don't mean... No offence to your skills as a medic, but I'm probably best placed to heal him." I hold up my left hand, and give it a wiggle.

"Thank you for your consideration sir, but fortunately last night was relatively injury free. If you'll excuse me?"

"Of course."

He turns, and walks past the car and up a flight of stairs to another part of the cave. Perhaps the exit is in that direction? Or a communication device? I move to stand at parade rest. I'm not sure what Batman wants to talk to me about, but my research into both Robert Marrack and Yao Fei is complete, and I need to talk to him about them. If he seems receptive, I'd like to put in a good word for Guy as well. I had been planning to brush up on my arguments last night, but I had to spend the time thinking of ways to placate Artemis instead.

In the end, I realised that the only way I'd get anywhere was to use the ring to acquire background information on her. Turns out she's Jade's sister, and is currently living with their mother. Jade's sister, Artemis Crock. Small world. I suppose that explains why Jade found it funny that I didn't think 'Artemis' was her actual name. And why Artemis was so concerned about what we'd been talking about.

I've still got her father's plasma crossbow thing, so I can give her that. I bought an orchid in a pot. Not sure if she likes flowers, but it can't hurt. I've fabricated replacements for the arrows she used against me, as well as one type of my own design using technology STAR labs are dragging their feet about reverse engineering. In addition, I plan to have a go at repairing her mother's spine. I've sort of been thinking about that for a while as I've got to know her during our visits to Jade. The journey to Belle Reve isn't something she could really afford on a weekly basis, so I've been flying her there instead. Now that I think about it, I've never picked her up from her house, always the local park. Was she trying to avoid me meeting Artemis outside of work? Hmm. In theory, the damage to the tissue and the remaining shrapnel should be reasonably simple for the ring to deal with. Motivation certainly shouldn't be a problem anymore. Alienating a team mate feels wrong, and I genuinely like Paula.

"Orange Lantern."

Batman precipitates out of the darkness. I wasn't really trying to spot him, so I'm not sure if this version has the ludicrous stealth capacities of some versions.

"Sir. Thank you for seeing me."

He walks up the stairs to the work area where I'm standing. "I understand that you've had an.. altercation, with Artemis."

"Ah, yes sir. My behaviour.... was not appropriate. I was going to apologise to her after we've finished here."

He nods. "I think that would be for the best. I will also remind you that alcoholic drinks are prohibited from the mountain. American laws are less relaxed on the subject than European ones."

"I was cooking with it. Red Tornado spent the whole four hours looming over me. You know there wouldn't be significant amounts of alcohol left after that."

He maintains eye contact with me for a few seconds longer than I'm comfortable with. I drop my eyes.

"Yes sir. No alcohol. Right."

He walks around the work bench and takes a seat. I turn to face his position.

"What was it you wanted to talk to me about?"

I raise my right hand and call forth my Cornwall Boy notebook.

"Kaldur said that you hadn't defined a process by which a new trainee might join us. So, I thought that I'd take the initiative."

I offer him the notebook and then return to parade rest. He takes it, looks at it for a moment, and then lays in down on the work surface.

"What makes you think that the League intends to expand the team beyond its current membership?"

"Artemis turning up, sir. If you'd left it at the six of us, I might have thought it was a one off thing. But she's been active with Green Arrow for even less time than I've been being tutored by Wonder Woman. And I didn't have a pre-existing tie to her, so the deciding factor can't be that."

He looks at me for a moment, before opening the first page. "How did you meet 'Cornwall Boy'?"

He says the name without hesitating. I suppose that objectively it's no sillier that 'Batman'.

"After Klarion hit me with the chaos magic shards and neither.. Mister Nelson nor Mister Zatara.. were able to completely remove them, I sought him out. I'd been looking at potential future recruits for a while, and it seemed like a good opportunity to introduce myself."

"He was able to completely heal you?"

"As far as I can tell. I've had a couple of other people check, and they agree."

Batman nods, and turns the page. "He's British."

"Yes sir."

A minute of silence, and he turns the page again. "He doesn't appear to have any sort relationship with a League member."

"Neither did Kon, sir. I'd only known Wonder Woman for three days when the team first got together. And Robert's great grandfather worked with the Justice Society on several occasions."

Batman gives a shallow nod.

Alan mostly remembered him for having a truly huge moustache, but after having a moment to think about it he told me what he remembered of their meeting and damn, but Graham Marrack would have been a scary guy to have to fight. He actually subbed in for Fate on a couple of missions during World War 2, and Alan didn't think it was a downgrade. He was in his sixties at the time, and at the height of his arcane powers. And really hated it when people smoked around him. Not sure why none of his heirs have reached the same heights of achievement. His eldest son, David Marrack, started as Captain Cornwall much later in life than his father had, and never really achieved the same level of renown. Trevor Marrack -Robert's father and current holder of the title- never really bothered, though I found some evidence to suggest that his younger brother Julian was a bit more involved in the arcane, and in a criminal way. Interestingly, I haven't been able to track him down, and Robert didn't want to talk about him. Furthermore, the Marracks generally only have one son per generation, but they're always the first born. Robert's got four younger sisters, two Marrack great aunts and would have had six Marrack great great aunts if they were still alive.

"He doesn't appear to have achieved much with his powers so far."

"He's fourteen sir, and Truro isn't exactly Gotham. It's harder for him to find things that match his abilities."

"What exactly have you told him?"

"I've told him that the Justice League has a training program, that I personally think that he would be a good fit, and that I'd hand that-" I point to the notebook. "-to you, with my recommendation. I haven't told him who else is on the team, I haven't mentioned the content of any missions or even that the team is given missions. I haven't mentioned zeta tubes or the location of any League facilities, including the mountain, and I haven't mentioned any real names other than my own. Um, and Mister Zatara's, but..."

He closes the book and pushes it to his left. "Orange Lantern, what do you know about Artemis' background?"

"Pretty much everything, sir."

"As of when?"

"As of last night. After the whole getting banned from saying peoples name's thing I decided to stop routinely scanning everyone, but I thought that I needed to know more about her in order to come up with some sort of apology gift? Really, given the amount of time I've spent with her mother, it surprises me that I hadn't bumped into her out of costume before."

"I see." He thinks for a moment. "My original vision for the team was that it would supplement the individual training you received from your mentors with both other skills taught by League members and with training in coordination and teamwork. It was never intended as a training centre for people with no experience at all."

"Well, I didn't-."

"Wonder Woman brought you to my attention only after I conceived of that methodology. I also did not expect Superman to react quite as negatively to Superboy as he did, so I had to adapted the model. Artemis' inclusion -though not part of the original plan- fits the model. Though they are not related, Green Arrow is training her. You are asking me to consider including someone who -by your own admission- is unlikely to get any training outside of what the team receives."

I feel the first glimmerings of despair.

"Are you investigating any other potential members?"

"Yes sir."

"How many?"

"Twenty seven, though some of them are a bit obvious. I mean, Troia and Zatanna meet all of the original requirements."

"Do you intend to present me with a report on each of them?"

"Not at this time, sir. Robert's probably the best fit I have, and the amount of added value that could be gained by including him, plus the low probability of him advancing himself in any other way..."

He nods. "I'll look into it. If I reach the same conclusion as you, I will contact his parents."

"Thank you sir."

"Now, I want to talk to you about your encounter with Lex Luthor."

"Um, before we start on that, sir?" I hold out my right hand again, and a second notebook appears. "These are my notes on Yao Fei, a Chinese national. He's presently resident in-."

"The Gobi Desert."

Uh?

"Sir, how did you know that?"

"I don't recognise the name from any of their active metahuman groups, and I know the Chinese government policy relating to metahumans. You generally work by examining existing databases, so it would make sense that you discovered him by examining theirs." He holds out his right hand, and I pass the notebook to him. "Why do you want to bring him to my attention?" He opens the book. "He seems a little old for the team."

"Actually, sir, I was going to recommend him for your team."

There's no immediate reaction. He appears to keep reading. Perhaps I should explain?

"American superheroes have always existed in an unusual position of independence from the US government. In most places that isn't how it works. China has a small number of super functionaries who could join the League, but they're all tightly controlled by the Standing Committee for Metahuman Affairs, and their first loyalty is to the state. I mean, you could probably talk them into lending you August Captain in Iron or whoever, but you wouldn't be able to fully trust them. Accomplished Perfect Physician on the other hand spent several years acting against the Chinese government before being forcibly convinced that it was counterproductive."

"What makes you think we want someone from China at all?"

"Sir, you know as well as I do that most of the world calls you 'The Justice League of America'. Aside from Wonder Woman, Aquaman and Red Tornado, all of the members of the world's premier group of superheroes are American, and the only reason Red Tornado isn't an American is because the American legal system still hasn't adapted to the existence of AIs yet. Your recruitment method seems to be 'know a guy who knows a guy'. There are going to be a lot of highly skilled people across the world who aren't going to get anywhere near it because they don't know the right people."

"A reasonable point to consider. But I doubt that the Chinese government would be prepared to release Yao Fei to work with us. And according to this, he doesn't want to leave the prison."

"Well, as I see it, China certainly wouldn't mind having someone on the League, and he is a highly skilled medic. You don't have one of those, and there aren't all that many people who are both superheroes and medical doctors. That gives you a reason to ask about him specifically. Plus, the existence of the Gobi Desert prison isn't common knowledge. If they thought that there was a chance of the information getting released..."

"Don't underestimate the willingness of the Chinese government to ignore international criticism."

"Oh, I don't. But conditions in the camp are.. not good. If they thought that they could hold the people there hostage to Mister Yao's loyalty, they might be prepared to consider it. And, frankly, he's being wasted there."

He flicks past a few pages. "There's no mention here of him receiving medical training."

"Past life knowledge. As far as I can tell he perceives certain forms of magic as sound. He can heal a wound or still an earthquake by humming at it. And he's spending his time treating dehydrated metahumans in the Gobi Desert and feeling sorry for himself."

Batman closes the notebook and slides it to his right. "Anyone joining the Justice League would have to have the approval of all existing members. The chance of someone whom none of us can vouch for gaining acceptance is slight, to say the least."

"Sir, if the League continues to grow, that system isn't going to work."

He doesn't reply for a moment, and drums the fingers of his right hand on the notebook once. "Do you have any other recommendations?"

"Lantern Gardner, obviously. I don't have a file on him, but I assume you already know everything about him that you need to."

"I understand that the other Green Lanterns of this sectors don't share your opinion of him."

"Lantern Stewart hasn't spent five minutes talking to him since he woke up. Lantern Jordan.. yeah, he's... I think Lantern Jordan reminds him of his brother, and he's transferring some of that resentment. But, Jordan and Stewart are spending most of their time off Earth at the moment, while Gardner's here full time until the Guardians decide what they want to do with him. I know who will be most useful to the League."

Batman bows his head slightly. "Is there anything else?"

"No sir, I think that's everything."

"Very well then. Your meeting in Taipei with Lex Luthor."

Full transcripts were included with my report, along with a record of my scans of his brain. I also included scans of his face in case Batman could read it better than me.

"What about it, sir?"

"How long have you known that Luthor was one of Superboy's genetic parents?"

"Since just after the fight with Mister Twister. I had to repair his inner ears, and I needed to know what tissue to use, so I did a full scan."

"Why did you decide not to tell anyone at that time?"

"I told Kon that I knew who it was, but he's never been very interested in his Human components."

"And why didn't you tell anyone else?"

"Because it's none of their business? If Artemis hasn't told anyone that Sportsmaster's her father, I don't see why Kon should be expected to tell everyone that Mister Luthor's his."

"The rest of the team don't know about Artemis' background. Both myself and Green Arrow do."

Oh dear.

"Sir, are you telling me you didn't know about Kon-El's... Seriously?"

Oh dear. I'm stunned.

"W..? Who performed his medical examination before he joined the team?"

"Kryptonian physiology is resistant to most sensor technology at our disposal, and we had access to the records from Cadmus. According to those, the source of his Human genetic material was Doctor Desmond."

I just about stop myself facepalming.

"Sir, did you not..? Any of the Green Lanterns could have checked that. I mean, a saliva sample..?"

"An extremely regrettable oversight, especially considering what you uncovered about LexCorp's links to Cadmus."

Putting it mildly.

"How bad..?"

"It might come to nothing. But as a worst case scenario, now that you've given Luthor a way to claim that he only found out about the relationship since Superboy was freed from Cadmus control, he could try to get custody of Superboy through the courts."

Shit.

!Kon mine!

"Is that likely? I mean, he doesn't have any sort of social relationship with him."

"There may be legal instruments he could attempt to use to that effect. Clearly, existing law doesn't properly account for this situation. Regardless of his physical or mental maturity, Kon-El is a two month old boy with only one other biological relative."

And Superman doesn't want to know. And much as I'd have liked to improve their relationship, the idea of Superman playing a larger role in his life just because the alternative was Lex Luthor is quite distasteful. Would Kon actually want..? I don't think so. He's never spoken about Cadmus except through clenched teeth. I can't imagine him responding well to the man responsible for it all.

"The other matter I wanted to discuss with you is your studies in the field of Human augmentation. Why did you think that drawing Luthor's attention to the possibilities of combining Abednego Danner's formula with Cadmus' cloning technology was a good idea?"

I said that, didn't I?

"Because I honestly believe what I told Mister Luthor. That sort of research is something that our species needs. I mean, maybe not from him specifically... No, even if it has to come from him."

He leans back in his seat, hands steepled in front of him.

"Heck, giving Mister Luthor everything he wants might turn out to be the best way to neutralise him as a threat."

Batman's eyes narrow.

I raise my hands in surrender. "He doesn't actually have the Danner Formula. I only got hold of a copy by complete fluke, and the originals have all gone walkabouts. I checked. He can already create Kryptonian/Human hybrids and program their brains, so even if he got a copy it wouldn't improve his position all that much. And Human cloning's illegal anyway, isn't it?"

"Are you sure that he couldn't simply get it somewhere else?"

"No, and I'm honestly not that worried about it. Are you sure that he couldn't get hold of Mister Garrick's original research? That was far more widely distributed than Mister Danner's."

"No, Orange Lantern, I'm not sure at all."

"Sir, the Martians are an entire species of shapeshifting telepaths. The Atlanteans have been augmenting themselves since before the Sinking. I can only imagine the effort that it's taken to stop transhumanism spreading. And I hate it! I hate the fact that it's somehow okay to keep these advantages to a tiny proportion of the population. If I could, I'd give every pregnant baseline Human on the planet a shot of the Danner formula."

"Have you any idea how difficult that would make our work?"

"It would make it so that the population at large could deal with the sorts of thing they need the League for now! I mean, do you want to be augmented? Speed or strength. It will take me a couple of seconds."

"I don't feel that I'm missing anything by not having super powers."

"I don't... Sir, I have the utmost respect for your achievements, but having an extra edge doesn't take anything away from them. You just.. have an extra tool. Both of the formulae I have access to have been shown over many decades to have negligible side effects. The Danner Formula even makes you live slightly longer!"

"Orange Lantern."

I bow my head slightly. "Sir."

"While I appreciate what you are trying to do, I do not wish to be augmented."

"Sir."

"I understand that you have already used the Danner Formula on Superboy."

"After testing it, yes."

"Why didn't you ask a member of the League to supervise?"

!Kon mine!

"Because none of you know more than me about either Kryptonian physiology or the Danner Formula. And, none of you are Kon's legal guardian. I knew it was safe, he wanted it. We put him through his paces afterwards, he was fine."

"Wonder Woman received a phone call from Troia's parents about the injuries she received."

"Wh..? I offered to heal her, she told me she wasn't hurt?"

"He was able to hit hard enough to harm her through her armour. The bruises probably wouldn't have been showing when she left the mountain. Fortunately, she heals quickly."

I think I owe her some flowers or something.

"Do you know how much stronger you've made him?"

"About a third, I think? It's hard to test. It increased his endurance by more."

I flat out can't make constructs that can stop him anymore. I mean, in a direct struggle, I always found it difficult, but now he just goes straight through them. Finding that out made him so happy, and I'm happy for him. He's now as strong and as tough as he thinks that he should be.

!Kon mine!

"Incidentally, given that you knew he'd been educated telepathically, was there a reason why you didn't make sure that a telepath went through his mind to remove the Cadmus programming? M'gann had to remove five different types of override when she started the knowledge integration. Can you imagine what would have happened if one of those had been triggered during a mission?"

!Kon mine!

"All too easily. I.. accept that the League hasn't done all that it could for Superboy."

"Diana's... Wonder Woman's really stepped up there, sir."

He nods. "How is your work with Kid Flash going?"

I shake my head. "It's going nowhere. We need a greater level of alchemical knowledge than any of us have, and the Atlanteans only study the subject out of historical interest. He's started studying it himself, but it's going to be a while before we get anywhere."

"Were you able to track down the test animal that escaped?"

"Eventually, sir. It wasn't immune to rat poison, and managed to eat enough to overwhelm its accelerated metabolism. Since it was female, there's no need to worry about another generation of speedy rats."

"Can the Garrick Formula be passed on from one generation to the next?"

"I don't know sir. Testing would be a bit of a risk."

"You mentioned in your report that you found the origin of the formulae suspicious. Have you uncovered any evidence that would support that belief?"

"No, but I haven't prioritised investigating that."

I think I vaguely remember something about one of the New Gods being in the US during the 19th century? I could ask, but the way things are around here finding a period of Human history free of aliens might be harder than finding one with them in it.

"To be honest, given how much time's passed, I'm not sure that there would be any evidence anymore."

"You may well be right. Very well, continue your research, but keep me appraised of any significant new developments."

"Yes sir."

He stands. "I believe that Artemis is spending the morning with Green Arrow in Star City."

I nod. He didn't need to remind me about that. "That's where I'm heading, sir."

He walks around the table and heads down the stairs to ground level. "I'll send you there by zeta tube."

I follow him down. "Actually sir, could you send me back to the mountain? I've got a couple of things to pick up, and I'd rather fly there myself. Don't want to risk giving away the Star City zeta tube's location by shining a great big orange light on it."

12th September
07:34 GMT -5

I might make a habit of getting up at six, but I try not to assume that everyone else does the same. Looks like Artemis does, but I wanted to wait until I saw Paula moving in the window before I buzzed for admission. I've been sort of lurking on the other side of the road for a good twenty minutes. Is that creepy? I thought that scanning the place would be creepier. I mean, I don't like to violate people's privacy without good reason. Their home is a flat in Old Gotham, and I've been occupying myself by removing the lead from the paint and replacing the asbestos with something a little less carcinogenic. And a lot more effective, but then, if LexCorp wanted to make a profit on this stuff then they should be selling it. I did tell Mister Luthor about Dyson. I've also made some minor repairs to the structure, pipes and electronics... I'm not sure that I should have done, but it's just so darn easy.

Finally, I see a familiar face in what I gather from the location of the pipes is their kitchen window. I'm not making an effort to conceal myself but she hasn't ever seen me in casual clothing before. I straighten up from the lamp post I've been leaning against, look in both directions and then cross the road. Up the steps, in through the outer door. There's a bank of post boxes on my left behind an empty desk, and an intercom on the right. The stairs are at the end of the lobby on the left and the lift is on the end wall. I suppose that it's a good job that no one is around, really. I walk over to the intercom and clean the metal to a sparkling silver. Ugh, no names. Right. I look over to the post boxes, and see the name 'Crock' on box number 302. Guess she hasn't got around to changing it. Okay then. I press button 302, and hear a buzz. Probably take her a little while to get there.

I take another look around the lobby. Bit shabby, but basically well cared for. I spruce it up a little, cleaning and repairing the paintwork. Windows could do with a little-.

"Yes?"

Ah. Quicker than expected.

"Ms Nguyen. Orange Lantern two eight one four here. Congratulations on getting the divorce finalised. Do you mind if I come up?"

A delay of a couple of seconds. "Oh, um. Of course not."

"Glad to hear it. See you in a jiffy."

When I go... When I went shopping with Mum, it amused me to race the lift on the stairs from the car park. I still prefer stairs, though I don't think I could get away with something so juvenile at my current age. Even if everyone thinks that I'm not my current age. Anyway, it's only two flights up and either everyone's still recumbent or they're all really early risers. Flat 7, and knock...

And the door opens. Paula's wheelchair is facing sideways from the doorway while she's turned to face me. She looks a bit surprised. "The others usually come in through the window."

I frown thoughtfully. "Does that not strike you as a little odd?"

She blinks. "Um, come in."

She wheels herself backwards and I enter the apartment, closing the door behind me. "Is... something wrong?"

"Ah, sort of. Um."

Where to start?

"Is Jade in some sort of trouble?"

"No. No, other daughter. Okay, so I only just found out that Artemis is your daughter. Um."

"I thought your power ring could identify people by their genes?"

"Oh, it can. I just thought, well, that I should let her have her privacy. But, yesterday, I finished our training session by being, um, quite rude to her."

"I thought she came back early. If you wanted to see her, she isn't here. She is spending the day with Green Arrow in Star City."

"Yes. I know. See, I wanted to do something to make up for my behaviour, and it occurred to me that fixing your spinal injuries would be quite a good way to do that."

She stares at me. She says nothing for about ten seconds.

"The.. the doctors said..."

"The doctors don't have a power ring. I'm not going to be digging into you and risking further damage, I'm just going to be pointing the ring in your general direction and telling it to sort it all out. Assuming it's just tissue damage and shrapnel, it shouldn't take long. Obviously you'd have to do physiotherapy to get full functionality back, y'know, heh, don't try jumping right out of the wheelchair or anything."

She's still staring, her face still. "You are sure that it will work?"

"At my current level of motivation, I'd give myself roughly a ninety nine percent chance of pulling it off with no problems. And I'd estimate that the chance of anything going seriously wrong is... I dunno... Point nought five percent? I rebuilt a Kryptonian's inner ear with no difficulty, and the ring's had loads of data on Human physiology."

"Oh. Um. What..? Do I need to do something?"

"No, not really. Well, you have to say that you want me to do it, but other than that you can just sit there."

"And.. you're doing this.. to apologise to my daughter."

"I've also got her some arrows and a pot plant, but I thought she'd want this more. Um, hehe, plant in a pot. Not marijuana."

She slumps slightly, looking at the ground. Is she really having to think about this?

"Sooo..?"

"Yes. Please?

!Make better!

I grin. "Just what I wanted to hear. One moment." I raise my left hand so that the sigil on the ring is pointing directly at her. "Oh. Um, are there any injuries you want to keep? Like, important scars, or whatever."

She gives me a puzzled look, then shakes her head. "The only thing I want to keep from that part of my life is my daughters."

"Rightyho. Ring, scan, analyse and repair."

Orange light strobes over her body. There's a sharp intake of breath as she tenses up and watches it work with trepidation. The ring reports its findings to me, numerous scars and old breaks, shrapnel and bone fragments, sliced muscle and nerve. And some unusual chemical residues, though not in significant concentration.

Fix it all.

There's a flare of orange light, and then it shuts off.

Oh. Whoops.

"Feeling alright?"

"I... think so..." She holds up her hands to look at them, then lowers them and pokes her right thigh with her right index finger. She gasps. "I can feel it."

"Glad to hear it. Um, small problem..."

She jerks her head up to look at me. "What is it?"

"Well, I was reading your 'Huntress' file of the Justice League database yesterday, and I was sort of thinking of the picture of you they have on file -from back when you were active- when I was healing you. Um, I may have inadvertently knocked about ten years off your age." Got to say, I can totally see what Laurence Crock saw in her. "Or.. mmmaybe a bit more."

Eh, Orange Lanter3n Corps. Even if we fuck up we get the result we want.

Her hands go to her face. "Mirror."

"You got to understand, this is the most advanced tool in the universe, and you did say that you didn't want to keep anything else. I mean, I was going to suggest keeping this as a surprise, but there's no way Artemis is going to believe that that's a new brand of make-u-."

"Mirror!"

"Um, right."

I step back and generate a mirror construct identical to the one I used back on the moon when I first augmented my body. She stares at herself, mouth open in shock, running her fingers over her rejuvenated features. "I. I don't..."

"It's not a problem, is it? 'Cause I'm not sure I could make you older intentionally..."

"No.. This is, this is..."

She leans forward in her seat, peering at herself, then takes a moment to collect herself.

Is she crying?

"Thank you. I don't... I can't..."

Her hand goes to cover her mouth as she starts to weep openly. I pass her a tissue, which she takes and begins using to dab her eyes. I don't really know what to do. I kneel down in front of her, and she smiles at me through her tears.

"Thank you."

12th September
06:49 GMT -7

Star City certainly looks nicer than Gotham.

I stayed with Paula while she got herself back together. Even made her a set of railings so she could practise walking, though I asked her to only use it while there was someone else there. Under my supervision she just about got to the point where she could stand up straight with only a little help. She offered me a cup of tea by way of thanks, and I didn't have the heart to turn it down. Good job I like blackcurrant.

Okay, so where is Artemis? Top of a building, that seems simple enough. What's she shooting at?

What the heck is that?

Some sort of giant robot is smashing up the street she's overlooking. I know I joked about it with Mister Luthor, but giant robot rampages are actually fairly uncommon, even here. Green Arrow is at ground level, trying to find a vulnerable point to hit while Black Canary tries to run interference in close quarters. The robot doesn't actually have all that much mass, it's just very tall and thin. As I watch, the robot slaps aside an arrow, which bursts and releases hard foam over its left hand. The robot shakes most of it off before it fully hardens and... huh? Cars are driving at Canary and Arrow with no drivers. How the heck is it doing that? There can't be enough electronics in them to allow that sort of control. And why is it wearing a ten gallon hat? Canary dodges frantically, while Green Arrow takes cover in a shop as a car parks itself through the front window.

Transition.

Then I'm standing on the rooftop next to Artemis. She wheels, arrow on string. The bow she's using looks like one of Green Arrow's, and the arrow is a simple point arrow. She starts as she realises who it is, and scowls. "You."

I hold out my left hand, and her bow appears.

"Yes, me, and I'm very sorry for everything, but can we please focus on the robot?"

She put the bow she had been using down and snatches hers away from me. "I used up all my special arrows on you. I can't hurt it!"

Ah. Good news, then. I used some of my time last night to created a new type of arrow based on the designs originally created by Alexander Tuttle. His original 'Crumbler' gloves are in storage in STAR labs, and it didn't take long to scan them. I don't understand how they do what they do, but they do it well, and they give the fellow on the other end hell. I materialise one in my right hand.

"Try this."

The head is only a little larger than that of her normal point arrows, and there's a groove around it that compresses on impact to activate the 'crumbling' effect. I think that the weight... um, drag pattern... thingy, should be something she can cope with. She looks at it, puzzled, but takes it and puts it to string.

"I call them 'Arrows of Unmaking'. You see-."

"Weeeerl lookieee here!"

I'm armouring myself even as I turn to see a robot head with a damaged flesh mask and a ten gallon hat rise up over the edge of the building. Once it reaches head height the head stops, while its neck keeps going, bending up above the head in a inverted 'U' shape.

Scan.

A huge metal talon rises up from the street. It actually looks thin and flimsy, then it slams down onto the roof to the left of us and my perspective sorts itself out. The thing must be a metre across at the knuckle, and the fingers have at least that between the joints.

"Cain't sit outa this here rodeo!"

His elbow bends upwards as he begins pulling his body up the building.

"Shoot the chest, past the ribs. That's his power source."

"Right."

She takes aim, pulls the string back, and as the disproportionately small chest appears over the roofline atop his telescoping spine she looses. The arrow passes between the third and fourth ribs on his left side, and then unmakes a perfect hemisphere of his torso in a radius of approximately sixty centimetres.

The robot's head jerks up and swings around to look at the damage.

"What in the Sam Hill..?"

The left side of his torso crunches and collapses. His left arm -which he had been bringing up to either climb or strike at us- falls backwards with enough force to snap it off at his shoulder.

"Nnnnyyahh!"

I pull another arrow out of subspace and hold it out to Artemis.

"Lower abdomen this time. Make him fall."

She takes it and makes a hurried couple of steps forward to the edge of the roof. The robot is hanging onto the side of the building by the arm on the roof with his right leg dug into the side. His left leg is twitching loose from his hip. Artemis sights, draws, and looses. The arrow's impact is virtually silent as the robot's spine is cleaved in two. Immediately his body drops down, top half trying desperately to hang on to the roof by his right hand while his hips swing about the pivot point made by his embedded right foot before acquiring enough force to break its hold and tumble to the ground.

"I ain't licked yet, ya littl' varmints!"

Putting more force into his remaining shoulder, the robot raises his head up as high as he can and then swings it down toward us. I extend my left hand toward his torso.

"Fall."

An orange beam hits him in the chest, and overcomes his precarious hold on the roof.

"Aarrrh!"

His claws dig furrows the roof, and then he's gone. I step forward, and Artemis and I look down at where he's lying on the road below.

"Dang. Dang. Dang. Dang d-dang. Dangdangdaaaaaaangggg."

He chassis spasms and goes still. Whoops. I jump down, tearing batteries out of wrecked cars as I go. A piercing construct takes out the transmitter embedded in his head that he was using to control the cars, and a slice cuts off his head as I assemble a power transformer. The pieces come together as I land, and his eyes blink open.

"Maw? Can't feel.. mah legs, Maw."

Black Canary walks up from my right, favouring her right leg. She takes a breath which I know from experience is a prelude to a Canary Scream.

"Sir, he's got Human-equivalent intelligence!" She hesitates for a moment, then goes to speak. I pre-emptively interrupt. "Before you say anything: Red Tornado. Are we killing people now?"

She thinks for a moment, then nods. "Alright. I'm not sure if we can arrest him, though."

We both look around as sirens sound from the end of the street, and Green Arrow pulls himself past a broken car embedded in the shop front.

"Sir, would you mind handling this? I've got to go and apologise to Artemis."

She gives me a sharp look. "Yes, you do.

"Ring, transfer."

And I'm back on the rooftop. Artemis is still looking at the remains of the fallen robot, but turns to me when I speak. "I want to apologise for the way I behaved yesterday. I really went about that the wrong way, and I certainly shouldn't have suggested flashing me."

She thinks for a moment. "Got any more of those 'Arrows of Unmaking'?"

"Yep."

I hold out a quiver I made. It's in her preferred brown, but shaped like the flat, double sided one Green Arrow used in Justice League Animated. It contains thirty of my arrows.

"I also replaced the ones you used on me. They're in the.. team's armoury."

She takes the quiver.

"And, I got you this."

I smile, and remove the orchid in the pot from subspace and hold it out as well. It's just starting to come into flower. She stares at it, puzzled.

"You got me a plant?"

"Yes. I mean, I can get a different one if you don't like it, but you just need to water it every couple of days and I'm told it will really look quite pretty. Oh, nearly forgot!" I take her father's plasma crossbow thing out of subspace and hold it out with my other hand.

Her expression changes from puzzlement to distaste. "You can keep that."

She decides to ignore the plant for the moment, and pulls out an arrow to examine. "These arrows. Could they destroy your shield?"

Can they ever.

"Yeah. One hit and the shield collapses." I clench and unclench my left hand at the memory of my test of that facility. "Really stings, too. So, um, are we okay?"

She smiles, then nods. "We're okay. Just as soon as I test out these arrows."

"Ah, okay. What do you want to test them on?"

Her smile morphs into a grin as she looks at me.

Oh.

13th September
16:07 GMT -5

I trudge across the playing field toward the stand where Kon is watching M'gann and the other cheerleaders practise. I haven't been back to Happy Harbor High School since the thing with Doctor Roquette, and I never did deal with that flare gun. Oh well, I'm sure that Kon or M'gann would have mentioned if it had been used. The lacrosse team are warming up to my right, and I see the American football team armouring up. Pff. I still think it's rather odd that a nation that prides itself on its virility should feel compelled to strap on forty pounds of protective gear just in order to play rugby.

Kon's sitting on the... Bleachers? Is that what they're called? We didn't have anything like that at my secondary school, so I'm relying on my knowledge of imported television. I'm in civilian clothes and so can pass as a student to anyone who is casually curious, while I think my accent should convince anyone who I need to convince that I'm not an actual student. Kon's at the far end, right elbow on his knee and right hand propping up his head. The cheerleaders are prancing around on the grass in the middle of the athletics track... No, come on, be nice. This matters to M'gann. The cheerleaders are practising on the grass in the middle of the athletics track. If Kon's watching them at that distance then he's got almost no peripheral vision. Hmm.

Ring, nullify my sound and scent.

Compliance.

I wait a moment, but it doesn't cause my environmental shields to flare. So, I step up onto the bleachers at the bottom level, and climb up to two levels above the one Kon's sitting on before walking toward him. Maybe I should look into expanding my wardrobe? The weather here is easily hot enough for me to get away with this vest at present, but for goodness sake I can't have people thinking I'm a Geordie. Kon, bless him, has become rather fond of dress shirts for school wear.

I can sort of see why Batman wants to send Kon and M'gann to Belle Reve, but he's picked a pretty inopportune time to do it. I mean, they've only just started school and they could be gone for weeks. Couldn't he have done this before they started? It wasn't as if we were all that busy. I just hope whatever they're planning doesn't take that long. I haven't gone into Belle Reve's security in great detail, but Hugo Strange aside the place looked pretty solid to me, and he hasn't done anything yet. Honestly, I barely remember him from the comics. Think he was in the Arkham City game? I remember a video clip in which Ra's killed him before falling out of the building. I'm monitoring him, but he's not exactly William Hand, is he?

Speaking of William Hand, he hasn't done anything much either. I had John check, and he wasn't able to detect anything untoward, mystically speaking. Assimilating him might remove the problem, but I don't think I'm ready to do that to a man who might be entirely innocent. Besides, Nekron might just pick someone else.

Kon's looking slightly to the left, so I sit down on his immediate right and lean right up to his ear.

"Hi Kon."

He jerks upright and twists his head in my direction, eyes wide in surprise. Hah!

Leaning over like this, his face is only a couple of centimetres away from mine. His eyes are a really stunning shade of brilliant blue.

"So, um, how's the practise going?"

He blinks, then relaxes. "I don't know exactly. I don't think they're really preparing for an event or anything."

He turns back to watching, and I shuffle right up next to him. He's surprisingly relaxed about me being inside his personal space like this. Not sure if it's because of what happened in Gotham, or he just doesn't care. Come to think of it, I don't think that I've hugged anyone aside from him since getting here.

"I don't really see the appeal of it, to be honest."

"M'gann says it's good aerobic training."

I still say it's dressage for people. And can't M'gann reconfigure her body at will? Surely she doesn't need exercise any more than I do. But these are Americans. Leave them to their foolishness.

"Not taking part in extra curricular activities yourself?"

"I can't." He shrugs. "I'm too strong. If I joined the football team I could hurt someone."

True... "Kal-El had the same problem, when he was at school. But you could always join a different type of activity. Didn't M'- Didn't Megan say that Cadmus taught you to play chess?"

Seems like the sort of thing Mister Luthor would want his son to be able to do.

"Yeah?"

"Well, it may not exactly be butch, but I expect that this place has a chess club. You could join that."

He head drops slightly. "I'll think about it."

Is he down? He sounds down. I think he's down. I put my left arm around his waist and shake him a little. "Something wrong?"

"No."

I wait patiently. After a minute or two, he sighs.

"M... Megan finds it easy to fit in here. I don't."

"Megan grew up as part of a large family. Plus, she's got forty eight years more life experience than you do. She's going to be better at things like that."

"I guess. But why didn't Cadmus program me with that stuff?"

"I don't know. Maybe they couldn't. Maybe they planned to do it later. Or, maybe they were going to socialise you themselves. But, you get on alright with Donna, don't you?"

"That's different. I get fighting." He shift in his seat. "I told Wonder Woman that I'd do this, but when I'm here, I have to spend hours just sitting in class, getting told stuff I already know."

"I'm sure that your teachers would be prepared to give you extra work if you asked for it. Maybe they could find something you don't know about?"

"Maybe." He scans the playing field. "What have you been doing today?"

Trying to massage life back into my left hand after Artemis spent all yesterday morning breaking my shield is what I don't say. I hadn't even realised that I had a limit on the number of times per day I could recharge, but apparently my lantern's capacitors can only hold power for two full recharges, and each of them takes about eighteen hours to refill. I had to walk back to the zeta tube. Once I recharged, the ring was happy to tell me that that problem could be fixed by connecting to the Central Power Battery. Nooo, thank you.

"Clearing Earth orbit of small pieces of debris."

Kon nods. "The mid two thousand nine update to the NASA debris FAQ placed the number of debris items over three point nine inches at nineteen thousand, between point three nine inches and three point nine inches at approximately five hundred thousand, and that debris items smaller than point three nine inches exceeds tens of millions."

"It's not the number, it's tracking down each one. All day got me about enough to fill a pint glass."

Kon suddenly orientates on the cheerleaders.

"What?"

"They're talking about you."

"Oh? What are they saying?"

He frowns. "Karen's asking Megan how we know each other. What does 'alternative relationship' mean?"

14th September
22:07 GMT

I'm sure there are many people -and I try to be one of them- who, when faced with a strange situation, try to take whatever they can from it. Try to enjoy it, even. The Beresford twins, however, seem more inclined to piss and moan. I mean, Batman wanted to stick them in a reinforced cage in a warehouse somewhere. I had to argue the point, saying that the risk to break out or discovery was unacceptably high when better alternatives presented themselves.

The only light over the lunar landscape is the orange light cast by my personal lantern, floating over our heads. Just to be extra sure we wouldn't be spotted I transported us to the dark side of the Moon. No more Humans have walked on the Moon in this parallel than have done so back home, and we're are the first Humans ever to walk on this side. When the lantern is behind you the view of the stars is breathtaking. But I can't concentrate on that, because I've got to deal with these two delinquents.

"Well, you should have thought of that before you started smashing down buildings!"

"I need tah pee!"

I've tried explaining this three times, but Tuppence Beresford isn't getting it.

"Look, d-do you see that you're glowing orange? Yes?"

She's treating this as a contest of wills. I know she's doing that. I know that I'm wasting my time, I do. But somehow that knowledge isn't quite filtering through into my actions. Psychologically, I have trouble responding sensibly to people who have abandoned rational discourse. One of my old work colleagues used to taunt me with the idea that President Obama wasn't born in the US. He didn't believe it, he just knew that it drove me to distraction. Every time he did it I rose to the bait and tried presenting evidence. He found it hilarious.

"The environmental shield is designed to deal with -among other things- body waste. As long as it's active, you don't need to eat, you don't need to breath, you don't need to shit and you don't need to piss. Did you not notice that there's no air?"

"Ya'll cain't do this!"

Eeeeegghh...

I roll my eyes and raise my hands in surrender. I can, actually, but...

"Fine. Fine. Fine. Ring." I gesture with my right hand, and the surface of the dark side of the Moon is deformed as the ring pulls dust and rock into the shape of a cubical and toilet seat and fuses it in place. Next, I excavate a shaft straight down and a small chamber for waste collection. Not that any waste will go there. "There you are. One completely superfluous lunar toilet. Enjoy."

She rage-stares at me for a moment longer, before snorting angrily and trying to stomp off. It turns out that stomping off under lunar gravity doesn't really work, and she ends up launching herself off the ground. I take a breath, then pull her back down. A sour glance and she resumes her walk to the cubical.

Now, I've tried excreting while wearing a power ring before. She hasn't. As she disappears from sight I can't help but have a moment of smug.

"Ya'll gowna watch? What kinda sicko are you?"

"Mister Beresford-."

"It's Mister Terror!"

"It most certainly is not. I've seen your birth certificate. I've scanned your parents. You are not called 'Terror' and no one in your family is called 'Terror'. Mister Beresford, while I respect your protective instincts there is a good twenty centimetres of granite between Miss Beresford and myself, in a place where there is no air to carry any sound which will not in any case be made because the environmental shield is going to deal with any waste material she produces. Do you know how little privacy there is in prison?"

He clenches his fists. "You wouldn't be so smart if'n ah weren't wearin' this collar!"

I rub my forehead with my left hand. "I would be exactly this smart if you weren't wearing that collar. Mister Beresford, are you an idiot?"

"What d'you call me?"

"I didn't call you anything. I asked you a question. Are you an idiot? Because if you're not, I would invite you to consider for a moment the likely result of you taking a swing at me."

He makes an expression part way between a sneer and a grin. "Me, feelin' real happy."

"Briefly, that's probably true. Then, if you hit, and if you killed me or knocked me out, the environmental shield would shut down. Your toughness might let you survive the temperature here, but you wouldn't be getting any air and you'd asphyxiate in short order."

He actually isn't an idiot. I can see the wheels turning. Hm. I thought that a reasonable criticism that could be levelled at Twilight Sparkle in her studies of friendship was that she only ever befriended ponies who were inclined to be friendly. She's supposed to be learning the true nature of friendship but never took the extra credit class of making friends with someone like Gilda or Discord. Never tried to help Queen Chrysalis find another way to feed her people. Not wanting to copy her flaw, I thought that maybe I could use this as an opportunity to reach out to two newly minted supervillains.

I think I've misjudged. Jade is alone, and purely self interested. I can deal with that. These two have each other, and my look at their souls showed me that they think of life as a conflict, them versus all. They can't understand negotiation and regard coexistence as submission. I'm not sure I can help, at least not any time soon.

Thomas sits, knees folded up to his chest. Hmm, that's a thought. What grants him his strength? Aside from his sister none of his relatives are metahumans.

Ring, scan.

Compliance.

Oh, that is interesting. Someone, eighteen years ago, got access to the Danner Formula and gave Mrs Beresford a shot. His father's a truck driver and his mother works in a supermarket. Neither attended college, and having scanned Mrs Beresford slumped in an alcoholic stupor in front of the television I think I can rule out undiscovered scientific genius. I will need to follow up on this.

"Thomas, I'm curious... Can I call you Thomas?" A sneer and a shrug. "Thomas. Have you always been that strong?"

"Yeah?"

"Then I'm curious. What is it that made you embark on a destructive rampage across New Orleans, when there are so many productive things you could do with your abilities?"

"Like whut? Help ol' ladies cross the street? Ah went toe t' toe with Wonder Woman. Nuthin' else I couldah dun woulda beat that. Who the hell'r you, anyway?"

"I, am Orange Lantern two eight one four, and in my first close combat training session I bound Black Canary in glowing orange chains and threw her across the room. I defeated her in roughly two seconds, Thomas, whereas earlier today my mentor Wonder Woman tossed you into an ambush without straining herself. And have you any idea what the US military, or the CIA, would pay to have someone like you on their books?"

This doesn't appear to be what he was expecting.

"Whu'?"

"I'm serious. I reviewed your files. You've been stealing chump change. If you'd used your head as something other than a bludgeoning weapon you could have been a millionaire by now. Legally. Hell, just a blood sample so they could find out how to make other people as strong as you are would be immensely valuable to any number of groups."

He frowns, clearly confused. "So yuer sayin'-."

"Ah! Jesus!"

Tuppence cries out from the stall. Thomas flashes me an angry look as he leaps to his feet.

I shrug. "I warned her."

15th September
10:17 GMT

Thomas shoves the draughts piece over to the fourth row. I'd always wanted to play a board game on a giant board, but neither Thomas nor Tuppence understand chess or have the patience to learn Settlers of Catan. They did find me defacing the Moon for a board funny, but who's ever going to see it? Neither of them are exactly chatty, but after I popped back to Earth to pick up a breakfast of bacon sandwiches their disposition has changed from openly hostile to merely surly. No rational person can honestly argue against the claim that the Scottish have perfected bacon. Their bread isn't all that, but I have some that I baked myself in my subspace pocket, and the Beresfords are happily munching through it.

Took the time to pick up Teekl as well. Thought about bringing the sphere, but I realised that the likely result of putting it in a low gravity environment was the Moon getting a moon and decided against it. My cat is currently sitting on the top of the toilet cubical, staring down at Tuppence while she stares up in return.

"'ugh 'at ifz weird. 'S freakin' me ouh."

Teekl appears to have taken the staring as a challenge. I'm not sure if that's an animal thing or an intelligent decision based on what information she's gathered about Tuppence. Or maybe she just wants some bacon. I'm not giving it to her, she doesn't need to eat. Tuppence is on her third bacon baguette. She's munching messily, and she'd be spurting ketchup all over her face if the environmental shield wasn't dealing with it.

Ketchup. What a waste of good pig.

"Hay! It's yer turn!"

At the height I'm currently floating the board looks like the tabletop version I used to use when playing with my sister's boyfriend's sons. Thomas has leapt back onto the rim of the crater. His collar is still on, but he's had time to adapt to the lower gravity. The game is still in the early stages, and this move hardly requires a great deal of thought. I pick up a piece and move it to the side of the board. Thomas is looking thoughtful.

"Orange boy, whut was that you were sayin' yesterday. 'Bout makin' money with super strength?"

Ring, access 'How To Succeed In Evil'. The bit where Edwin talks to Lifto. Audiobook version, obviously.

Compliance.

Knowledge appears in my brain. I could even do the accents.

"Oh, that. Well, take bank robbing, for instance. How much cash do you expect to get robbing a bank? Assume you get in and out with no trouble."

"I dun't know. Couple million?"

"Nope. On average? More like five thousand."

He contemplates the board. Behind me, Tuppence yelps as she gets too close to Teekl and the cat takes a swing. Thomas' response is less than supportive.

"Tuppy, you ain't never bin no good wid critters. Why you think a glowin' orange one gonna be any different?"

"Teekl's got a bit of a vicious streak. You're probably better off just ignoring her."

Tuppence glares at both of us, chomps off most of her baguette, then hurls the nobby at Teekl. Teekl just stands there and... And that damn cat has learned how to phase! How the heck..? She gives Tuppence a contemptuous look, then sits down and starts washing her right forepaw. Thomas walks back to the board, and starts pushing a piece.

"So? Five thousand don't sound bad t'me."

"Thomas, within a hour of getting this ring I owned a about quarter of a million dollars in precious metal. Legally. With powers like yours you should be aiming higher. Think about it. Robbing a bank; what does it cost you?"

"I dunno..? You wouldn' ask if it were nothin'... Takes tahm, I suppose?"

"Yep. Plus, depending on how you do it, you've got to factor in the costs of getaway vehicles, disguises, percentages for the people doing the money laundering. Then, you've got to factor in the risk of getting caught afterwards, and what sort of sentence you're likely to get. For your first armed robbery conviction, you'd be looking at seven years if you went in with a gun. With super strength, and a criminal record? More like nine years. Which, by the way, is probably how long you're going to Belle Reve for."

"Ah, aih ain't sweatin' it."

"But it's soooo pointless! Look, if you were going to get a normal job, what would it be?"

Thomas steps back from the game piece, and frowns as he thinks about it. "Aih dunno. Truck driver?"

"Right. So, you start out as a truck driver on, what? Sixty five dollars a day?"

"It ain't five thousand."

"True, but think about it. Lets say that if you rob a bank, you've got about a one in three chance of getting caught. Actually, if you use super powers and don't hide your face it's a lot higher than that. And if you don't get caught... lets say you have to lie low for a month. So, five thousand dollars divided by thirty. A hundred and sixty six dollars and sixty six cents a day. Split two ways, that's eighty three dollars thirty three."

"Still more'en sixty five dollars."

"And there's less overheads. But, then you've got to add in the chance of getting caught, right? A one in three chance of getting nine years, or an average of three years, of no income. If you worked as a truck driver on sixty five dollars a day for three years -lets say two hundred and sixty days each year- you'd make fifty thousand seven hundred dollars, before deductions. Money you can't make if you're sitting in a cell in Belle Reve."

"Wull, no?"

"So, on average, you lose over forty five thousand dollars every time you rob a bank."

He blinks heavily. I'd wager that he's more intelligent than Lifto, but what I just told him is a bit of a stretch even so. He shakes his head. "Tha's crazy tawk, man."

"You're going to get nine years to check my working."

I move another piece, trying to force him to start jumping and open up the board. Tuppance walks over to her brother, touching her face with her right hand to make sure that she's not bleeding.

"If'n you got it all figured out, what'd'you thank we should be doin'?"

"If you'd make more money as a truck driver than breaking a law, you need to either get a truck or find a more profitable law to break." I shrug. "What do you like doing?"

They look at each other.

"Smashing stuff." / "Smashing stuff."

"Eeeeerrr... Some types of demolition? Ship breaking? There's lots of things that pay more than negative forty five thousand dollars, and if you enjoy them, why not do them? If nothing tickles your fancy, if you don't mind killing people there's probably someone in the CIA or the military who'd hire you."

This does not compute. Tuppence is looking bewildered. "You sure yer a super heero?"

I shrug. "All of my basic needs were taken care of already. And I decided that I quite liked the idea of crowds cheering me as I walked down the street, so... Becoming a superhero was the rational choice. Work's interesting, the people are nice, you get respect from just about everyone and there's always someone interesting to fight. Everything's sharper, more intense. Life, plus one."

Tuppence blinks at me again. The trick is to create an argument which appeals to the audience. Like I did with Jade, -and like I failed do with Artemis- I can't make this a you-are-wrong-and-I-am-right thing. Can't convert atheists using scripture. This is going to be a long term thing, but that's okay. I've got time, and so do they.

"Thomas, your move."

17th September
07:22 GMT -6

Unsurprisingly, everyone's on edge when I drop Thomas, Tuppence and Mister Nigma off in arrivals in Belle Reve, Louisiana. The regular guard compliment has been heavily reinforced with Louisiana State Troopers. Those guards still standing, anyway; we flew over at least three ambulances on the way in. Even with all of the chaos I've got no idea how Mister Nigma managed to get out. Fortunately, he wasn't carrying any of the anti-scrying gear that is becoming depressingly common amongst the people I'd like to pick up. And he hadn't had a chance to rearm. It's not completely impossible that some of his more esoteric equipment might have affected me.

Now that I'm inside the wards, I should probably check-.

Shit.

I wanted to check on Jade and Kadabra. He's fine, though I'm detecting spatial distortions which suggest that he sat the whole thing out in subspace. She's in medical swathed in bandages. I haven't had a chance to get a full report from Kaldur yet. What the hell happened? No, don't worry about it, she isn't dead so I can just-.

"And just where do you think you're going?"

Waller, four heavily armed and armoured guards and Doctor Strange hovering just behind them.

"A rather good friend of mine is in your medical facility with a fractured arm and truly horrific frostbite which without proper assistance will probably cost her an eye, her legs and most of her fingers."

"And she's not the only one. A third of my guards are in medical 'till we can get them transferred to a hospital. If you think I'm going to prioritise your convict girlfriend-."

!Jade need!

She takes a step back as my aura flares.

"Warden Waller, I'm going to respectfully suggest that at this point you need all the friends you can get. Until now, you have been remarkably tolerant of my presence here, and I am grateful for that. If you get out of my way, then in half an hour or so you and I can have a chat about all the things which a power ring can do to speed up repairs and improvements to this place. Heck, I'll even do what I can to get your guards back on their feet. Power rings are very good at putting people back together."

"And if I don't?"

!Jade need need need go go go go!

My aura pulses again.

"Then, in the short term, you'll find out that projectile weapons are no better at stopping me than they were at stopping the inmates. In the medium term, after Taipei, Lex Luthor owes me a favour. Such as the name of his favourite law firm, and enough political favours to make the congressional hearings you're going to be going through truly harrowing." I shrug. "Can't promise you'll keep your job as it is, but..."

She grunts. "They can only shoot me once. Rawlings, escort him to medical."

One of the troopers steps aside, then gestures down the corridor. "Sir, if you'll follow-?"

"No, too slow." I step up to him, put a hand on his chest plate, and we transition to the first blast door. Follow protocol?

!Jade needs me!

No, that would take too long. I seize the mechanisms and open the door, heedless of security protocols. They're lucky I'm not just smashing through. Rawlings floats along as I trigger all of the intervening doors in sequence, making the full transition to medical before dumping my escort on the floor.

Paula's sitting in her wheelchair at her elder daughter's bedside, facing the head of the bed. She looks up as the displaced air blows through the room, her face streaked with tears.

"Paul, can you-?"

Two strides takes me to the head of Jade's bed and I hold my left hand over her recumbent form.

"MINE!"

The orange light is so intense that Jade is briefly completely obscured by it. I feel her body as the ring detects and repairs her. Gods... The only thing I've seen like the internal damage is what Klarion did to me, and Jade's had this since last night at least. She's drugged unconscious, and I instruct the ring not to change that. Fourth-degree frostbite to everywhere. Until I started work more of her skin was red and black than her usual olive. Some of her flesh had actually liquefied as cell walls burst when the water within froze and expanded. The only thing I've seen that's comparable is in pictures of some of Mister Freeze's victims, post thaw.

I stumble back as the ring finishes. All physical damage fixed, but she could all too easily have died from that.

"Done. Um, done. She should.. she should be fine."

Paula sniffs, and blows her nose into a tissue. "Is it safe..? Can I hold her hand?"

"Yes, yes of course."

She shuffles a little closer, and reaches under the bedclothes to take Jade's bandage swathed hand in her own. They'd probably been trying to warm her up while preventing impacts that could worsen the damage further. Paula sniffs, pulls Jade's left hand up to her face and holds it against her cheek. How did this happen?

"Do you know what happened? I haven't had a report yet."

"I'm not sure."

She takes a deep, unsteady breath. Keeping Jade's left hand clasped in her own, she reaches out and places her right on Jade's forehead. Bandages, right. I want and the bandages disintegrate from around Jade's face. Paula breathes a little easier when she sees healthy skin, and begins stroking her hair.

"The one who froze her was Killer Frost. When the inmates first broke free, Killer Frost tried to kill the guards. Jade's cellmate stopped her. There was a fight, and Killer Frost did this to Jade."

"Jade's cellmate?"

"A blonde woman. I think her name was Tuppence?

Oh.

**M'gann?**

**I'm... I'm here.**

**Where's 'here'?**

My eyes glow orange as I look around, and I see M'gann's outline hovering -metaphorically hovering- next to the entrance.

**Is she really okay?**

**There's no remaining physical damage. I suppose I won't know how she is mentally until she wakes up. Killer Frost?**

**I did something Uncle Ma'al taught me; I locked her inside her own mind. Unless another telepath helps her, she'll never get out.**

**Good idea. Didn't that blow your cover?**

**I punched her as well, so it looked like I just knocked her out. The other prisoners thought I was defending my friend. I did the... I did what we're supposed to for fast freeze injuries, but I was so scared that she wouldn't make it anyway.**

**You probably saved her life. Thank you.**

**She was.. nice. I know you've been visiting her, but I wasn't expecting to her to be like that.**

**I'm a little surprised myself. I think I may need to do something for her.**

17th September
08:54 GMT -6

This is probably the most eventful birthday I've ever had. Shoving civil engineers aside, I've fixed all the damage from the break out attempt.

Healing the guards was harder than I thought it would be. I suppose this is the first time when I've tried fixing someone I don't really care about on an individual basis. After a little trial and error I found that it worked best if I focused on the idea that helping them would improve Jade's chance of getting a favourable outcome. Doing that, I've fixed up the guards who had minor injuries, and dramatically reduced the recovery times on the more seriously injured ones. A couple of frostbite cases, but nothing on a level with what Jade had.

I even gave the prisoners the once over, but the only one with really serious injuries was Cameron Mahkent. Turns out that the other prisoners didn't appreciate him being deceived by Kon into preventing the break out. They might end up having to transfer him to another prison, though given what happened I'm not sure leaving all of the cryokinetics in one place would have been a good idea anyway.

One of the female guards asked me how Jade was. I said that I'd pass on her best wishes.

Warden Waller was a little surprised by my offer to transmute the interior of the prison walls to diamond. She's been called to Washington, and in any case seemed a little reluctant to accept my aid for anything long term. Maybe she'll change her mind one she's been pilloried in the national press for a few weeks. I'm all for self reliance, but this country genuinely can't afford to have the sort of break out that nearly happened here happen. Someone from on high has decided to put Doctor Strange in charge while she's away, which strikes me as odd. Wouldn't Bendemann or some other senior guard be next in line rather than the prison psychiatrist? Or is this the American thing of senior civil servants being political appointees?

I contacted Mister Luthor, and he was only too happy to give me the direct line of the lawyer he uses when he is personally accused of criminal activity. I think I remember Frederick Tuckman from the comics... Something to do with Green Arrow? Jade clearly isn't safe here, and I'll need to talk to Batman about what she's actually being accused of. See if I can get some of it dropped.

!Jade mine!

M'gann left after she checked out Jade's mind for obvious damage. She said that Jade should be alright, and I need to have a talk with her and Paula about our next step. As I approach the medical area I note that whatshisface... Rawlings, has cleared off. He didn't throw up after the transfer, so I'm going to assume that I've finally got the hang of FTL transitions with passengers. M'gann left as well once she was sure Jade would be alright.

"... don't clap your hands
Grandma hits you on the head till it hurts."

Huh?

Paula looks around when I walk in, before turning back to her daughter. She's definitely looking a bit happier. Jade's still out, but it looks like she's sleeping normally. I stand just behind Paula. Think I'll skip asking about child abusing grandmothers.

"Alright. Prison's fixed. Ish."

"Do they want to put Jade back in her cell?"

"No, I've talked to the warden... I think.. Jade should.. probably hear this. Are you alright with waking her up?"

She nods, and puts her right hand on Jade's shoulder. "Jade? Jade, it's time to wake up."

A slight moan, a shift in the bed, and her eyes flicker open. Eyes narrow, she looks first at her mother, then me, then her eyes open fully and she stares at her mother. "Mom?"

"Yes Jade, I'm here."

Jade stares for a moment longer. "Paul?"

"Yes?"

"Why does my Mom look like Miss Ho Chi Minh City?"

Paula stifles a laugh. Um?

"I don't know. Is the current Miss Ho Chi Minh City your cousin or something?"

She lays still for a moment. "Paul, what did you do?"

"He repaired my spine. And don't talk about me like I'm not here. It's not polite."

Jade blinks, then shifts her gaze back to me as I frantically but silently shake my head and wave my forearms back and forth across my chest in a 'don't' gesture. Her eyes narrow.

"So, I can't feel any injuries, but the last thing I remember is getting iced. Literally."

"Orange Lantern healed you. You should thank him."

"How.. bad.. was it?"

"Pretty bad, Jade. Usually I'd applaud heroism-" She winces. "-but we nearly lost you there."

I walk around her bed to the other side and pull up a chair. She considers her options.

"Don't think I'm making a habit of it. Tuppence was my cell mate. You need someone to watch your back in a place like this."

"That wasn't Tuppence. That was my colleague, M'gann M'orzz. You remember, the Martian who read your mind when-."

The hand her mother isn't holding goes to cover her face. "I'm starting to hate shapeshifters."

"Mm. Well, she's starting to like you."

"What happened to Frost?"

Don't really want to implicate M'gann in anything that might be criminal. "M'gann hit her, and she hasn't got up yet."

She shuffles, and uses her right hand to move to a sitting position against the headboard. I notice that she hasn't made any effort to reclaim her left hand form her mother. "Was kinda hoping to deal with that myself. Oh well." She looks at her mother, the sheets, and then me. "So, what happens now?"

"Now, you stay right here and look ill. I've spoken to Warden Waller, and she agrees with me that moving you back to the cell block would be a very dangerous thing to do."

"She can't stay here forever."

"I've hired a man named Frederick Tuckman to conduct her.. um, your defence on the assault, membership of a foreign terrorist organisation and attempted murder charges."

Jade's eyes flick to the side. I don't think she recognises the name. "He any good?"

"His client list includes Lex Luthor."

Jade blinks. "That's pretty good."

"His first order of business is to get you transferred to another prison. Since you don't have a registered address I was going to suggest one in Gotham, but that's Blackgate and I don't think you'd be any safer there. How do you feel about the Gloria McDonald Medium Security Facility on Rhode Island?"

"Do they have cable?"

"I didn't ask, but it's pretty close to where I live. I'm also going to talk to the Justice League about getting some of your charges struck or reduced. Manhunter owes you for looking after his niece, and I will be reminding him. With a little luck, you'll be offered a favourable plea bargain before too long."

"Whaw."

I can feel her reaching around for a sarcastic response. A few seconds later it doesn't look like she can find one. Then she raises her eyebrows.

"Guess I should have gotten frozen to death sooner."

Okay, I was wrong.

*Episode 12*: Home Font

18th September
19:02 GMT +8

I haven't quite gotten used to the stares yet.

Obviously my activity last time I was in Taipei was far more obvious than what I've been doing with the team, but there are plenty of other Caucasians around and it's not as if I'm wearing my armour. But I'm getting recognised. I'm getting photographed. I'm getting gawped at, even just walking down the street.

Feels jolly odd.

I'm on the way to the Mackay Memorial Hospital where Mister Huang Jianhong has recently woken up. Had to skip out on the morning training session, but Kaldur said it was fine. Mister Huang's parents -Missus Huang De and Mister Huang Tung- and a young woman -ah, her name's Miss Su Xin- I assume to be his girlfriend are with him now. It's been a couple of hours, and I think that the initial 'thank-god-I'm-alive' bit should have passed by now. Thinking about it, I'm not sure why I want to speak to him so much. I'm sure that the police will be interviewing him after an appropriate amount of time has passed, though at this point a new lead is unlikely. Everything I know about neurophysiology says that he should be at least as good as new. But I don't regard the case as complete until I've seen for myself.

I don't know whether or not I'm actually allowed in to see him. It isn't as if I'm a relative or anything. Hmm. One of the windows in the room next to his is open, and the door doesn't make a good enough seal to stop my FTL. It's a pretty good room. Mister Luthor made a point of paying for his care. It was thoughtful of him, even if he made sure that the press knew about it. I'd have done it myself, but it just didn't occur to me to offer. I suppose I'm too used to the NHS just being there.

Might as well skip the whole front desk bit. I materialise in a hospital corridor, one door down from the one Mister Huang occupies. I hear a soft thump, and turn to see someone I presume to be either a nurse or an orderly staring at me in astonishment, having just dropped a pile of folded bedclothes she was transporting from the cupboard to a trolley. She's probably in her mid twenties, though I remember reading an interview where the interviewee claimed that Asian women generally kept looking young until they suddenly don't, so I could be well out. I pick the sheets up and move them to their intended destination, before walking toward her. I stop moving when her confusion shifts to nervousness.

"Good morning, miss. Orange Lantern two eight one four."

"Um... G-good morning, sir."

She actually puts her hands together at her waist and gives me a shallow bow. Am I suppose to do that?

"I'm here to check on Mister Huang. He's in this room-" I point. "-is he not?"

"Ah!" She moves to her trolley and consults a clipboard. "Yes, that is where Mister Huang is staying."

"Thank you. I won't keep you."

I find myself bending slightly, as if some part of my brain believed that bowing was appropriate but was unable to secure a majority. I straighten, turn away, walk to the door indicated and knock loudly. The conversation within carries on, and for a moment I wonder if they didn't hear me.

"Come in?"

A woman's voice. I turn the handle and push open the door. Miss Su and Mister Huang senior are sitting on either side of the head of the bed, with Miss Su taking the window side. Missus Huang is sitting by the foot of the bed at her husband's side, and is looking at me as I enter the room. Given how surprised she looks I'm going to assume that she was expecting a doctor or something like that. Miss Su flickers her eyes up, then back to the patient, then back to me with her eyes widening.

"Good morning. I'm sorry to intrude, but I was hoping that I might have a few words with Mister Huang Jianhong."

Mister Huang senior stops talking to his son with a grunt. "You couldn't even wait a day, could y-." He swivels in his seat as he speaks, then cuts off. And I get a direct look at his son for the first time in two weeks. He's smiling faintly, and unlike his guests doesn't seem shocked by my being here at all.

"What can I do to help? They showed me the recordings of what I did, but I really don't remember much about it."

"I didn't honestly expect you to. Have the doctors here explained what the stuff the League of Shadows stuck you with did to your body?"

"Not yet. They're going to run some tests to check how I'm doing. I do remember reading a newspaper article on the effects of Venom use, but I thought that most of the harmful effects took a while to manifest?"

"Usually, they do. But what you were given was a new substance made by combining Venom with something called the Blockbuster Formula. They then mixed that with something called Adder Venom, which is a Venom variant which had only previously been seen in a couple of places in Mexico. The stuff was responsible for you going berserk, and it has much worse side effects than regular Venom."

"How bad?"

"You'd have needed a new liver, and would have been left an emotionally unstable wreck. Probably for the rest of your life."

He looks down at his chest. "I don't seem to be..?

"Power rings are awesome. The liver was an easy fix, and it's now as good as it ever was. Thing is, I didn't know what your amygdala looked like beforehand, and that has a larger effect on your behaviour than your liver does. When I repaired it, I made it as good as an amygdala can be, and that's probably quite a bit better than it was."

He looks more puzzled than worried. "What would that mean for me?"

"Not sure, to be honest. As an educated guess, you'll be able to learn new skills faster than before, and your memory will probably be better. You'll have better intuition of what other people are feeling or thinking, and you'll probably be calmer and friendlier, no social anxiety at all."

He seems to think for a moment. "Those all sound like good things."

"If there were likely to be negative effects, then I wouldn't have been so gung-ho about doing it. Fact is, I've never done this to someone before and so I can't predict exactly what will happen. Plus, those behaviours might not have been how you were originally."

"You have repaired my son's brain from the damage the terrorists caused... By making him smarter?" Mister Huang Senior wants to make sure that he's understood correctly.

"Sort of? There haven't been any studies into the effects of doing what I did. I mean, we know what the result would have been if I'd done nothing, but it isn't as if I just go around doing this to everyone."

"I do feel a little different." He frowns slightly. "When I woke up, I wasn't worried at all. I suppose I should have been, waking up in hospital with no memory of how I got here. But, I think I like it better this way than the alternative. And I appreciate the effort you have gone through on my behalf. Thank you."

"You're welcome. But if you start to feel uneasy about the situation, contact me on this number." I summon forth a card with the number of the public phone in which I'm monitoring in Happy Harbor.

He takes hold of it. "I will. Thank you for checking up on me."

18th September
08:52 GMT -5

Note to self: use FTL more. After I finished talking to Mister Huang and his family and handing my scans of his brain over to his doctor, I decided to walk out of the hospital. As a result, I walked straight into an ambush of news reporters when I reached reception. I couldn't hear what any of them were saying over the general noise and the receptionists were giving me the evils. So, Doctor Manhattan style, I transferred the whole thing outside and set up an impromptu press conference.

When they ignored the order I was trying to create I muzzled them so that only one could speak at a time.

That might have been overdoing it, but they were getting on my nerves. And it certainly made things go much more smoothly. In no particular order: Mister Huang's fine but should probably be left alone for a few days, I don't live in Taiwan, I'm not a member of the Justice League, the police are handling the investigation though I'm happy to give them whatever help they want, I'm single, I'm glad you liked the interview but it was really a fairly spur of the moment thing, never heard of him, never heard of her, never heard of them, why would you even ask that -that came up more than I would have liked-, things in Rhelasia are going well but I was really just acting as a guarantor and credit should go to the politicians, I couldn't say and that while I respect Mister Luthor's work I don't know him well enough to comment.

Once things started getting trivial I excused myself and left. Transitioning to the seaward side of the mountain with the bulk of it between me and the town, I turn head down and dive for the sea entrance. With repeated visits to Atlantis I've got my air to water transition so smooth that I don't feel it, the change being marked only by the different level of illumination. Manta construct extended around me, I turn smoothly in the water and head through the tunnel. Now that I know where I'm going and know how to augment my vision the journey takes much less time than it did back when Diana, Alan and I first used it. Hmm. Where is everyone? Ah, the arena. The computer marks danger areas on the floor and throws up targets. Participants have to hit them as swiftly as possible without getting in each other's way or staying in danger areas. Useful for the others, a bit pointless for me. Last time I tried it I had to switch to the beam pistol and even on low power still managed to shoot through the ceiling into Red Tornado's quarters. No Artemis yet, but everyone else is here.

I'm feeling pretty good. Jade's good deed yesterday, Mister Huang being okay, patched things up with Artemis... I'm getting the urge to do some showing off. I accelerate as I near the surface on the cave end, and prepare a cold gun construct. Pushing water ahead of me I fly from the surface, freezing water droplets so that they fall in a corona of snow about me as I spread my arms wide and spin in the air, orange sigil glowing behind me.

"Duh dah!"

The holographic lights from the training exercise shut down as the others turn toward me.

Robin strokes his chin. "I'd give you a nine point two."

Kon squints. "Nine point four."

Wallace walks to the edge of the water. "Where you been?"

"Mister Huang woke up from his coma." I float through the ice particles to the solid ground. "Seems he quite likes the upgraded amygdala I gave him."

Robin looks interested. "Anything new on Bane or Onyx?"

I shake my head. "He said that he didn't really remember anything, and given what the drugs did to his brain I can well believe it. I didn't want to push too hard."

He nods.

"So, coordination practice?" I raise both arms and form an assault cannon under each, grinning. "I'm up for that."

Kaldur pushes my right arm down. "Perhaps not. I have completed the revisions to the shield bracer you designed-."

I drop the constructs. "Ooh! Gimme! Water armour for everyone!"

Kaldur smiles faintly. "Not quite yet, though this version should allow anyone with some magic training-."

"Recognised, Artemis, B, zero eight."

Wallace looks nervous. "You did patch things up with her, right?"

"Yes, of course I did."

Artemis materialises, scans the room and locks eyes on me. "You."

Wallace steps away from me. "Are you sure?"

I was. I remain exactly where I am as she stalks across the room. What have I done now? Is she angry about me working to get Jade transferred? But that's not going to happen for weeks at least!

M'gann steps into her path. "Good morning Artemis!"

Artemis brushes past her. Ten metres. She's wearing the quiver I made for her, but I can only see two of my arrows. Five metres. Should I try talking to her? Two.

"Er, hello? How have you-?"

One. She reaches up with both hands, pulls my head down to her level and puts her lips to mine. Oh. Um. Am I supposed to shut my eyes? Don't think about Jade. My arms are sticking out to the side slightly. Should I bring them in? Am I supposed to put them on her? Before I can decide she pulls back a little, still holding my head in place.

"Thank you."

"Mm, you're welcome."

Then she pulls back a little further and-.

"Ow! What was that in aid of?"

She's grinning. "I guess it would have worked, then."

I rub my cheek where she slapped it. "Yes of course it would! I wouldn't have suggested it otherwise."

Wallace raises a hand. "Ah, can someone explain what just happened?"

Artemis looks down for a moment, trying to work out how much to share. Perhaps I should..?

"When I went to say sorry, I got Artemis some new arrows. And a rather nice orchi-."

"He healed my mom." She goes to cross her arms at her chest, but I catch hold of her hands and bring them up to my chest instead. She's still not meeting my eyes. "Mom has.. had, a spinal injury. She couldn't walk. He fixed it. The doctor said she should regain full mobility within two months."

Robin's eyes go wide. "You can.. do that? Fix long term injuries?"

"By channelling my need to be in Artemis' good graces, yes."

"Can you.. do that.. to other people..?"

"I can try." I bring Artemis' hand up to my lips, kiss her knuckles and then release them before turning to Robin. "Did you have someone in mind?"

Robin... No, Richard, leads the way through the corridors of the Gotham Mercy General Hospital with a familiarity born of constant repetition. We went from the mountain to the Bat Cave, then up into Wayne Manor proper where he changed into a suit. I suppose that Batman must have told him that I knew who everyone is, but it was still a strange experience. Like stepping behind the stage at a theatre, or a fairground when the rides are being packed up. No, behind the frontage while they're in operation. I can hear the music and the laughter, but I'm seeing the guts of the operation.

This is also the first time I've seen him without something covering his eyes. I mean, I'd scanned his eyes so that I'd be able to repair them, but I'd never seen them with my own before. I switched to a suit myself, one where the only orange sigil is a tiny one sewn into the lapel. I've transferred the ring into my pocket, and it's taking an effort of will to stop me reaching in to put it back on or to touch it.

Richard looks a lot younger like this. Turns out, there is a good reason why his name isn't abbreviated to anything other than 'Dick'. And we're on our way to see him.

"Richard, I'm so sorry. I mean, I knew about your parents but it never occurred to me to check for other relatives."

"I could have told you after you fixed Su-. After you fixed Conner's ears. Just didn't make the connection."

We pass through a department waiting room. Mister Pennyworth drove us here and he offered to come in with us. Not sure why Richard turned him down.

"Why do you do that?"

"Do what?"

"Use Wally's full name, and mine."

"Errh. Not really sure, to be honest. Where I'm from, 'wally' means fool, and a 'rubber wally' is a condom, but I think it's mostly just because I don't like abbreviations. That was one reason my Mum picked my name; the fact it can't be abbreviated."

He turns his head to look at me while continuing on his course. "Wally means fool?" He smiles, but it has a brittle edge to it.

"Yeah. I mean, if it really bothers you or him, I could start using abbreviations. I just prefer full names. And I usually call you, you know, the other thing anyway." I'm not used to actively pretending to not be a superhero. Usually it's just convenient, but if, for example, one of Kon's schoolmates rumbled me, I wouldn't care. But Richard and Batman are fully committed to the masquerade, and I respect that. We step aside for an elderly man being pushed down the corridor on a bed. "You know, I can't promise this will work, right?"

"I know. But I've got to try. Uncle Rick's all the family-." He cuts himself off, head going down for a moment. "Aside from Bruce and Alfred, Uncle Rick's all the family I've got."

"Okay."

We walk the rest of the way to the long term care ward in silence. Richard doesn't bother talking to the large black nurse on the desk, instead heading straight for one of the rooms. The nurse gives me a brief puzzled look before turning to my friend.

"I'm sorry Dick, but today wasn't a good day."

He stops, downcast, and nods. "Can we.. go in anyway?"

"'Course you can, hon."

He nods again, and I scurry to catch up.

"Not a good day?"

"Uncle Rick's injuries give him constant pain. When it gets really bad, they just give him something to knock him out." He slows down. "Might be better this way. I wouldn't want to get his hopes up."

I'm wondering how often he's awake, but I don't think I'll ask. He slows almost to a stop as we get to the door labelled 'Richard Grayson'. I raise my right hand to put it on his shoulder, but before it gets there he pulls himself together and opens the door. Not a big room, but I suppose that it doesn't need to be. His uncle is laying on the bed, drip attached to a tap in his right arm. I walk in after Richard and he shuts the door behind me.

Right. I slip the tip of my left ring finger through the ring. Scan. Gods. This isn't a single point of damage like Paula's was. His spine is mashed in five different places, and the tissue around it has healed wrong. His pelvis was broken and set almost correctly, but almost everything is slightly off. I can well imagine that it must hurt. I walk around the bed. Right. I hold my right hand over the bed.

"Heal."

Nothing. Right, come on. This is Richard's last blood relative!

"Heal."

An orange strobe flickers and fails. It's not working, I just can't feel the need for his well-being viscerally enough!

"Work around it, work around it. I didn't cause the injury, and I haven't done anything to offend..."

I can't. Could he? Maybe. I could keep trying, but I've no real reason to believe that I'll do any better.

"It's... It's okay, I-"

"Right. Robin. I've got an idea. I think the reason that it's not working is because I don't think of your Uncle as being part of mine. But, you might be able to do it."

"Wh-? I don't have any training in using a power ring!"

"I know. Okay. I think I should be able to direct the effect while you provide motivation. I'm not sure, but it's the best idea I've got at the moment."

He thinks for a moment, then nods. "What do I do?"

I put the ring fully onto my ring finger and take my left hand out of my pocket. "Take my hand. If you start feeling weird urges, let go immediately." He nods, and takes my left in his right. "Ring, designate Richard John Grayson as secondary user."

"Succession acknowledged."

And I'm looking at the bed from two different places. Ugh. I close my own eyes, and then I just see out of his. That I can manage. "Okay, now focus your mind on your need for your Uncle to be well." I maintain a scan, and share the image with Richard. He knows about as much about Human physiology as I do, but he isn't used to seeing it like this. "When you're ready."

My viewpoint shakes as he nods.

"Uncle Rick, heal."

Nothing. I feel his sympathy for his Uncle through the ring.

"Heal."

"No, that won't work. You're thinking altruistically. Compassion and love won't work with an orange ring."

"Then what will!?"

"Need. Selfish desire. I'm.. I'm sorry. The only thing... You need to remember what it was like when your family first died. The horrible sense of loss and wrongness and abandonment. Feel your need for things to be right, how they should be. Use that."

For a moment he doesn't respond.

"That... That's..."

"Yeah. I know. No, I'm sorry, I don't, but..."

Hell. No one should go through that, but I can't think of another way. Maybe there's a doctor around here..? Vision goes as he scrunches his eyes closed. For a moment, I don't feel anything much. Then I feel him start to shake, and he opens his eyes again, our vision blurry with tears.

"Uncle Rick, heal."

Orange light blasts from the ring, and I focus my mind on the injuries it's treating. The ring's fairly user friendly, but I don't want Richard Senior to end up being transformed into Richard Junior's father or anything. I see bone straightened and set, sinew and muscle moved and set true. Nerves mended. Our patient is on anti-rejection drugs for organ transplants, and I ensure that the tissue markers causing the trouble are rewritten. The light begins to restore wasted muscle, but before it goes too far I try to shake my ring hand free. I'm not sure what would happen if we kept pouring the orange light into him, but...

Richard isn't letting go. Oh dear. I bring my right hand around and try pulling his fingers off mine.

"Richard, you need to let go."

I open my eyes and look at him. Through my eyes I see his eyes blazing with orange light. Then he swings his left hand around and starts trying to pull the ring from my hand.

"No! Mine! It's mine! No one will hurt my family again!"

Heck. I grab our hands with my right hand, trying to make it harder to move anything. The ring's glowing like mad.

"Ring, remove secondary user."

No change. He's yanking at my arms in a frenzy now. I'm lucky he's too overwhelmed to try anything clever; he's much better at unarmed combat than me. No, I will not let Robin end up like Larfleeze.

"Ring, remove secondary user now."

"Compliance."

The flow of light shuts off. Richard gasps, and his grip loosens. I pull his fingers off and snatch my ring hand away. He brings his arms up, hugging his chest, shivering. For a moment neither of us speak.

"Did... Did it work?"

I nod. "Yes, I think so."

There's another pause, and he looks up slightly. "Is it.. always..?"

I nod. "Pretty much. You adapt, learn to steer it. But, yes. When you want something that much."

Another pause. "I think I'll... I think I want to stay here, until he wakes up." He walks around and sits at his uncle's side, not looking at me. "I'm... I'm sorry.. I tried to take-."

"Don't. Don't. I should have expected something like that to happen. I'll just... I'll be in the waiting room. Shout if you need something."

He nods, shallow and slow. I step backwards, and run a quick scan on our patient. I hope that was worth.. ah. Yes, it was. Not sure he'll ever be an acrobat again, but Richard Senior should have full and pain free feeling back in his whole body when he wakes up. Right, intruding on private time. I turn, and exit the room. The nurse at the desk looks up for a moment, then turns back to her files. I scan the room, looking for somewhere to sit. And ideally, something I can read to take my mind off making Robin relive that.

And then I see Alfred Pennyworth sitting primly in the chair closest to Richard Senior's room, brown leather bag at his feet. A slim and somewhat foxed paperback is lying in the seat next to him. He turns his head in my direction, and raises his eyebrows by the smallest fraction. Is something..? I tense slightly, and metaphorically kick myself as I return the ring to my pocket before walking over and pulling a chair out of the row so that I can sit opposite him.

"Successful visit, sir?"

I lean forward a little. "Too early to say, Mister Pennyworth. I think so, but we won't know for sure until he wakes up."

The slightest of nods. "And Master Dick?"

I feel wrongness. "The.. the device is empathic. To get it to work, I made him relive something very unpleasant."

His eyes narrow slightly.

"It was the only thing I could think of that would work! I'm not exactly impressed with myself, either."

A slight tilt to the side. "I had rather been under the impression that you simply..." He holds out his hand vertically, just in front of his chest, then waves it to the side.

I shake my head. "No, you have to think in exactly the right way. Feel the right way. And I don't.. I didn't.. know him well enough to suggest anything else."

I look away, and shake my head again. "You.. compel yourself to hold to this extreme mode of though.. at all times.. yourself?"

"I.. I suppose I do. If you keep it up for long enough, the extreme just becomes the new normal."

He shifts slightly in his seat. "I'm not wholly unfamiliar with the concept, sir."

Hah. I suppose he's not. Wonder why Batman never got a power ring? Right, what else do I need to do? "I hope somebody's got a blooming good cover story for this, because this is well beyond Earth medicine."

Mister Pennyworth's eyes flick down for a moment. "Nil desperandum, sir. Any number of strange things could have happened. Perhaps, an unusually energetic reaction to some new medication?"

"It's a bit of a stretch, Mister Pennyworth."

"Only if he remains the responsibility of this hospital. Do not worry, sir. Matters are in hand."

I nod, and sit up. "Didn't.. Richard ask you to stay in the car?"

"He usually does, sir. But he's generally pleased to see me when his visit is over, nonetheless."

I can imagine. Ergh, alright, I'm not going to stop feeling like a puppy-kicker any time soon. Is there something I want to ask Mister Pennyworth? Something I could ask in a fairly public area? Oh, well...

"Mister Pennyworth. Can I ask you a question?"

"Of course."

"Tell me honestly: how long do you think I've got before I start to sound like an American?"

A faint smile, and he appears to give the question due consideration.

"I mean, I'm sure they're a lovely people, but I-"

The door to Mister Grayson's room opens, and I cut myself off. Richard Junior stands in the opening, looking first at Mister Pennyworth, then myself. We look at him, waiting for him to speak.

"Alfred, could you..? Would you mind coming in here, please?"

He waits for a moment, but Richard says nothing else.

"Of course, Master Dick."

He picks up his bag, stands, and walks toward Richard, who stands aside to let him enter. Richard's looking at the ground near my feet. Well, yes. I'm certainly not expecting to be on his cool list any time soon after tha-

"Paul, you should probably come in too. I want Uncle Rick to meet you when he wakes up."

He's looking me in the eyes now, and a small smile is back on his face. Mine too. I rise, and walk back into the room.

22nd September
19:23 GMT -5

And, lastly, the fact that Jade may well be stuck in prison for several years, despite my efforts. I feel myself recoil from the idea, but the hierarchy stresses acceptance of inconvenient facts, and the fact is that she's been a very naughty girl. I may not like it, but there it is. I haven't pressed her on the precise nature of her work with the League of Shadows. Maybe I should, but I don't think that I should learn something I might be asked to testify about later. She hasn't volunteered the information. While I'm on the subject, I suppose I should accept that she has most likely taken part in assassinations before. Would that bother me? I don't.. think it would, unless I was directly confronted by her victim's family or something. That would be inconvenient.

Is that everything? I think so. I lower myself from the cross legged floating position I've been occupying in the air just above the bioship, and take the ring from where it floats in the air in front of me. I've taken to performing my daily meditation here. The view is restful, and simple enough to avoid being distracting. I land on the ground next to it and pat it on the hull before walking back to the lift. Kon's cooking this evening -with M'gann keeping a watchful eye on him- so I should probably avoid the kitchens. Kaldur wanted to do some more revisions on the water armour system we're working on. I'm trying to keep up with him, but he's had years more tuition in matters arcane than I have and it's easier to just help him with the fabrication. Not sure where Wallace is, and Artemis and Robin won't be here for a couple of hours.

Something I should do before they get here. I trust my team mates, I do, but I'm very self conscious during the few times each day when I take the ring off to allow for... How to put it? Less uncomfortable excretion. I know how vulnerable it makes me, compared to how I normally am. I've tried to switch to the ring method a couple of times, but I just can't cope with it. Last time the ring leapt off my finger as soon as I sat down, and I took the hint. There's a toilet attached to the living quarters a couple of levels up from here, and that's where I'm heading.

I haven't asked the ring if it's been regularising my bowel movements. I know I like regularity, and I certainly like to know when the ring is fiddling about with the way my body works without running it by my conscious mind first. But I think that maybe there are some things I'd rather not know about myself. And I think finding out that I am literally anal retentive-.

Ah. I'm here. Alright, ring off. I put it down beside the sinks, and walk over to the middle cubical. The ring is far too large to do something like falling down the drain, and even if it did my remote ring control is now good enough that I could locate it and summon it out. Of course, if it got right down the system I'd have to pull it straight through the side of the purification system, which could be a bit messy. Nothing I couldn't fix...

Seat up, close the door, trousers and pants down, and sit. Being nervous about my vulnerability does nothing to ease my passage, but after the first few times I built a voice activated computer into the stall door so that I wouldn't lack for reading material. Tried reading case files once. That was a bad idea. All those faces were a bit off putting. I also modified this toilet to exactly my dimensions. It's now the most comfortable toilet I've ever sat on.

I'm not actually sure that anyone else uses this place. My quarters are a bit isolated. Unless we have a major recruitment drive, I might-.

What was that?

Sounded like water running through the pipes. I think that some pipes from the upper levels run through the walls near here. I gave everything a scan when I first moved in, but I never bothered memorising it all. Worth taking a look? No, just stick to the business at hand -there we go- and then use the ring to check in a moment.

Huh? Oh, that isn't good. Water's running under the door. How the heck..? That's the first time anything mechanical has gone wrong around here. I'm torn between concern and smugness. Right, start wiping, and I should be ready to go before it gets to a significant height. What's the pressure going to be like? Pretty high, I'd have thought. Worth calling the ring right now? Probably not. The system should detect the faulty tap and shut it off in a few moments.

I've been shopping around, but I haven't been able to find a type of toilet paper I'm completely happy with. This stuff is a reasonable compromise, but it could do with-

Is that Red Tornado? I can hear heavy footsteps, but his usual creaking sound is hidden behind the sound of running water. I thought he was taking a shift on the Watchtower? And I don't think his duties include facility management anyway. Okay, clean enough for government work. Ring.

Ring.

Huh?

Ring.

Oh, not good. I stand, pulling up my pants and trousers. The water's reaching the top of the tread of my boots. This is actually quite serious. Open the door and-. What? Who are-?

The red robot standing between me and the sinks turns to look at me. It's less bulky than Red Tornado, but retains a masculine shape. Actually looks a bit less clunky than he does. Its eyes glow red. I'm not carrying any weapons.

Ring!

Where is it? Right, don't freeze. Move. The door's on my left-.

Bwoogh! I don't even make two steps before a column of water rises up from the pool covering the floor and hits me in the face, knocking me to the ground. I'm on my side, and try to regain my feet as my clothes get waterlogged. I slip on the floor, covering only a small distance as the water flows away beneath me. I finally get my feet back under me and get to a standing position as the water surges across the room, pushing me past the robot and pinning me to the wall. In the second or so before it covers my face I take a deep breath.

I have to fight the urge to cover my eyes as I am completely enveloped. The water isn't turning to ice, and it isn't taking on the slightly glistening quality of water made solid by magic. I'm being supported off the ground and kept pressed against the wall by the current in an apparently stationary body of water. The force that must take...

I relax and don't fight it. I can't afford to waste the air. The robot takes a step closer. Like Red Tornado himself there is no equivalent to Human facial expression. Did someone find one of Doctor Morrow's old laboratories? The man's central aim is listed in the files as exterminating the Human species and replacing us with robots. Sort of an evil version of that guy from the Swamp Thing comics who made robots in the image of dead people so that their lives could be completed. This robot is a great deal slimmer than Red Tornado, and has a gold 'M' on his chest. Can't think of anything it could stand for. Looks like he's got a gold starfish on his head. Fits with the water theme, I suppose.

Right, assuming he's a physical match for Tornado he'll be much stronger and tougher than me, but also much slower. I just need to get away long enough to work out where the ring is, then get close enough to call it to me. Once I've got it, I could take an army of these. Forties EMI shielding was crap. I narrow my eyes and let my head loll. Tornado told me that his eyes can't rotate. He has a wider field of vision than a Human, but to move it he has to move his entire head. If the robot is watching my face, then it isn't watching my legs. I fold them back so that my feet are against the wall. If I can launch myself suddenly, I've got a fair chance of getting past him. If he has to aim visually to target precisely I should be out of the door before he turns.

If not...

He goes to take another step forward, and I push off, aiming for his left side. He moves his left leg to the side to balance, and my torso is out of the water. Another breath, and the weight outside the water pulls the rest of me in the same direction. My right foot touches the ground, and I lean into a running pose.

Then my left foot sticks, and my right skids on the wet floor. No! I try to take a hopping step forward but fail to make any progress. The robot turns his head to me, and a ball of water rises from the floor and flies at my head. The impact isn't hard, but soft. The water coats my face and remains in place. I'm holding my breath, but I'm getting scared. I can't keep this-.

The robot steps closer, glowing red eyes perhaps forty centimetres from my own. It's head tilts sideways a little, then it draws back its right fist and strikes me hard in the diaphragm!

"Offggawgagaw!"

Air's gone.. I'm gagging underwater! My arms flail in the air and my right foot finally looses all traction and I greet the rapidly approaching ground with my forehead.

22nd September

Ooooooowwwwww....

"Uuuuugh ughHUH!"

Even as I open my eyes I'm vomiting water out of my lungs. My chest can't move much, and each choked breath is cut off by the violent expulsion of more liquid. My arms and legs are covered in something, but I'm too busy being consumed by the pain and disorder of my airways to pay attention.

"Oh El! You're awake!"

I'm coughing, but I'm mostly clear now. Would that actually have been my lungs or my stomach? Wouldn't I have drowned..?

"Uuuuh."

I blink, and try to concentrate enough to take in my environment. I appear to be suspended over the pool by the training area in some sort of cocoon made of a hard grey material. Below me stuck just out of the water I see Kon and Wallace, trapped in a similar substance. Kon's looking relieved while Wallace looks hopeful. Looks like they're caught as well.

"Awo. AhUh. Yep. Awake."

I hear a noise a bit like a drill on low revs heard through a couple of walls. I try to turn my head to the right, and can just about see the sphere stuck into the wall next to me. Great.

"Did they get the others?"

"We are up above you."

Kaldur's voice. Can't see him.

"Who's 'we'?"

"M'gann is here also."

Alright, alright, focus. **M'gann?**

**AAAAGH! I'm on fire! Everything's burning! Fire everywhere! Can't escape, can't breath CAN'T BREATH!**

!Wrong!

Rotschreck. Right. I close my eyes and shift my mindscape.

**[I'm sitting cross legged on an icy plain. A cold wind blows through the air, carrying with it snow dust. There is no other movement.]**

**M'gann, come to me.**

**I can't I can't I can't...**

!M'gann mine!

**There is no fire here. No heat here. Come to me. M'gann, come to me.**

She slowly shimmers into being. The fear she feels is evident on her face, and her breathing is rapid and shallow. Interesting that she can still maintain her humanish form like this, she must think of herself as being that shape. Once she's materialised fully, she locks eyes with me, her eyes wide.

**Kaldur and-. They put us in a cage of fire!**

It begins to flicker into being around us, far larger here than it must be in reality. I can feel the heat and see the ice start to melt.

**M'gann, you're a telepath. I can't fight you here. If you focus on the fire, it will come. Don't. Hear only my voice. See only the ice.**

She gives a series of rapid jerky nods, and closes her eyes. What can I say to help?

**Did you know, that your ancient forebears weren't afraid of fire? Quite the opposite, actually. The earliest Martians were nightmarish creatures, so insanely aggressive that their shapeshifting gave them a corona of fire, made it look as though their skin was constantly burning. They were reckoned to be so dangerous that when they got to within a couple of generations of achieving space travel, the Guardians of the Galaxy decided that they had to intervene. Learning how to forcibly alter the bodies of shapeshifters, or the minds of telepaths, must have been quite difficult. Even for them. They reformatted your entire species into green and white... and red, I suppose. Implanted the fear of fire to prevent you ever turning back into those things.**

She seems to be breathing easier, if under tight control. The partially formed fiery bars fade away, leaving small circles of meltwater on the ground which rapidly freeze into ice.

**I'm wondering if they also implanted something to make you want to stay at home, as well. I still don't understand why Martians don't venture away from Mars.**

She takes a deep breath, and opens her eyes. **Community.**

**Hm?**

**If we go too far away, we can't hear each other's thoughts. That's.. horrible. I felt it fully for the first time when I came to Earth with Uncle J'onn. If it hadn't been for the time I'd spent away from the caverns with Uncle Ma'al, I'd have panicked. Uncle J'onn still had to spend most of the trip reassuring me.**

**I'm not really sure I can relate to that.**

**Didn't you say that you used your ability to see avarice on all of Happy Harbor once?**

**Yes... But I don't think it's really the same thing. I don't see it all of the time. How do you manage when it's just the four of us in the mountain?**

**I can still hear the rest of the town, in the background. I can't pick out individual thoughts, but I can hear that someone's there.** She frowns. **What do you mean, four? What about Teekl?**

**What about T-? Have they caught her?**

She looks excited. **No! I haven't seen her all day!**

I wave my right index finger. **We're not getting rescued by Teekl. She's a cat. She'll probably rub around the robot's legs for a bit before wandering off to find somewhere warm to sleep. Or just avoid the wet places altogether.**

**How did they get you? I thought you never took your ring off?**

**Um...** Before I can refocus, a toilet appears on my right. M'gann looks at it in puzzlement. Fine... **I take the ring off to use the toilet. The water manipulating robot got me when I left the cubicle. I don't know where the ring ended up.**

**You.. take your ring off..?**

**To use the toilet, yes.**

She frowns. **Why?**

**Well, different species have different body chemistry. Different chemicals, different microbes. Most of them can't survive outside their own ecosystem. But if one got into just the right place, nothing there would have any resistance to it. And that's to say nothing of various life forms' reactions to alien body fluids. So, power rings come with an environmental shield which stops their users.. y'know, leaking.**

**So what happens if you...**

**The ring eliminates waste material as it leaves you. Or-** I shift uncomfortably. **-slightly before. It doesn't hurt, but it's not exactly comfortable. And it's very disconcerting.**

M'gann's eyes drop to the ground. I think she's trying to picture it. And now I'm wondering if she.. y'know.. changes back...

**So! Robot! Why don't we get everyone else in here so we can talk about the robot!**

Evening, sometime.

Wallace shivers and rubs his arms against his chest, looking around the Arctic landscape. He stamps his feet. **Do we really need to do this here?**

**We are not here.**

Kaldur's already sitting down with M'gann and myself, legs crossed, hands on his knees.

**This place exists purely in M'gann's mind. If you do not believe that you are cold, you will not be.**

M'gann looks exactly like she normally does when on a mission, white t-shirt version rather than black body suit. As such, it was a little bit of a surprise to me when the others appeared.. differently. Kon appeared in the solar suit he wore when the others freed him from Cadmus. Kaldur's mind avatar adds a red sleeveless robe thing with navy blue trim to his normal armour. Wallace is in a white shirt with a green sleeveless cardigan, something I've never seen him wearing before.

I've changed too. I hadn't noticed before -being too used to the weight and focusing on M'gann- but I'm wearing what looks like an improved version of my own armour. Rather than small hexes, my arms are covered in a mesh so fine I can't see the individual pieces. Puts me in mind of mesh armour from Warhammer 40,000. Or maybe aspect armour, since it has the hard plates. The torso piece is orange rather than my preferred undifferentiated grey. I asked once before, and the ring doesn't have costumes stored so I've got no idea where this comes from.

**My mind actually, Kaldur. M'gann was understandably having trouble focusing.**

Kaldur gives me a look of curiosity. Wallace stamps in a circle, his breath appearing as vapour. He stops when the motion brings him face to bowl with the toilet I still haven't been able to make disappear.

**Why does your mind have a toilet?**

**That's where I was when the robot...**

Nearly killed me. Could have killed me, actually.

Kon looks at me. **Which one?**

Oh dear. **How many are there?**

Kaldur inclines his head slightly. **Two, that we have seen. One controls water, the other, fire.**

I rub the place on my abdomen where the water controller punched. I have no doubt that he pulled the blow. The pain is starting to come through, and I'd rather got used to not feeling that. **Their physical attacks aren't anything to laugh at either. The water one.** I think for a moment. **Don't want to sound unduly morbid, but why are we still alive? I mean, these are Morrow's robots, right?**

Kaldur nods. **That was my conclusion as well. As to why they have not simply killed us, I am uncertain. Possibly, they intend to hold us hostage to ensure our mentors' cooperation. Or perhaps they are awaiting Doctor Morrow's arrival.**

Wallace pulls a face. **Is he even still alive? He's gotta be, like, a hundred years old!**

Kon thinks for a moment. **Thomas Oscar Morrow. Born, April sixteenth, nineteen ten.**

Whaw. He actually is a hundred years old. Guess old supervillains don't die or fade away. I'm going to have to get everyone to go over Alan's records just in case something like this happens again.

Wallace looks surprised, then grins. **Maybe he just wants us to get off his lawn.**

I bow my head for a moment as I chuckle. Honestly, you get beaten up and drowned by a robot just once...

**Orange Lantern.** I look at Kaldur. **Can I assume that you have been disarmed?**

**Yeah. He uh...** I look at the toilet. **He caught me with my pants down.**

M'gann covers her mouth with her hand, while Wallace snorts his amusement. Kaldur closes his eyes for a moment. **Are you able to call your ring from here?**

**I don't even know where it is. I put it down next to the sink, and when I got attacked and tried calling it, no response. I can try summoning it, but you shouldn't count on me being able to do anything.**

M'gann goes to speak. I hold up my ringless left hand to stop her.

**I'll try calling Teekl as well.**

She nods, and smiles faintly.

Kaldur turns to her. **M'gann, are you recovered?**

She seems to shrink slightly. **Well.. no... Sort of? I think I can keep the telepathic link up, but it's taking everything I have to stop myself panicking again, and I can't even feel the fire here.**

He leans over and puts his right hand on her shoulder. **We all know how difficult this is for you.**

**At least your powers still work.** Kon crosses his arms across his chest, and looks away.

**Kon, what happened?**

**Same thing that happened in Belle Reve. After the water robot knocked me down, the fire robot stuck a collar around my neck.**

**Yeah, what'd he do to deserve a collar?**

**Wallace, I'm sure they didn't mean it personally.**

Kaldur sighs. **Neither Kid Flash nor Miss Martian are able to phase to safety. Orange Lantern and I are denied our weapons, and Superboy has been neutralised by the collar. Since no other options present themselves, it seems that we must await-**

AAAAAAGH! My eyes shoot open as a sensation of fire and ice shoots from the right side of my face. The truly horrible smell of what I assume to be my own burning flesh assaults my nostrils as a new robot pulls its flame-wreathed hand away. I frantically struggle against my bonds, which haven't become easier to break just because I'm in pain. As the shock dulls I try to get a better sense of the damage I've just taken. Gingerly moving my cheek, I feel a tightness covering what I think is a small area. I can't look at it, I can't move my arm to touch it and there's nothing I can do to stop the robot doing it again. I feel sick.

The robot's floating at the top of a pillar of fire.

"When will Robin and Artemis arrive?"

"No idea. I kept my diary on the power ring. If you could just.. go and get it..?"

The robot raises its left hand, and generates an aura of fire around it. I involuntarily pull back a little. The new light gives me a better look at my interrogator. Feminine in shape, its outer surface is red with a gold line like the base of a Mohawk across the centre of her scalp. There's also a gold band from her right shoulder down between her -presumably purely decorative- breasts and across her torso until it disappears around her left side. Her chassis is noticeably more slender than the water robot who got me.

Maybe there's an advantage to building a female seeming chassis, but for the life of me? I just don't see it.

She moves forward slightly, her burning hand moving as if to cup my chin.

!Need ring but not here need ring!

"I don't know! Some time this evening. I don't even know what time it is now."

She halts, fires still burning.

"Hey! Leave him alone!"

Her head turns to Kon. Now that I know what I'm looking for, I can just about see the faint red glow of the collar in action. If we could shut that down, he would almost certainly be able to rip his way free. But then what? None of the rest of us are in a position to get away, and the robots already downed him once. Can't see the water robot, but I'm having trouble dragging my eyes away from the burning figure in front of me.

If Kon's shouting, then the telepathic pow-wow must have collapsed when I left. Which makes sense. Wait, how's M'gann..?

**M'gann?**

**I'm. I'm okay. I can cope.**

I nod. She can't see me nodding. Right. Cheek's really starting to hurt, and knowledge that I've been cooked isn't helping my stomach settle.

Teekl.

I feel... Something. I'm not getting a clear image or sense of direction, though I don't know whether that's to do with distance or not wearing the ring or Teekl just not feeling cooperative. Try anyway.

Teekl, come here.

I don't feel any difference. I'll try again in a little while. More importantly:

Ring, come here.

I don't feel any response. I narrow my eyes and try to concentrate on the feeling of the orange light.

Ring, I need you, come here!

I think I can feel it! It felt a long way down, though. Has it been washed out to sea? I've only practiced moving it through the air without obstacles in the way, so I've no idea if it's possible for me to call it like this. I stare at the back of the red robot as it moves through the air toward Kon and Wallace.

Cut.

Nothing.

Blast. EMP burst. Cold gun!

Nothing. My range for creating constructs is only about a metre, but I'm running out of...

It isn't a good option, but the alternative appears to be the robot cooking Kon. And that isn't acceptable.

I close my eyes for a moment and take a breath in an attempt to steady my nerves.

"This is my power, this is my light,
In bright of day or black of night,
I claim all within my sight,
To take what I want, that is my right!"

I wait. The robot reaches the mass of grey material holding Kon and Wallace and puts her burning hand on it. The place where she's touching glows red.

Nothing! Nothing! Come on Ophidian, do something useful for once!

The lantern. I close my eyes again and try to hold the image of the glowing lantern in my head.

"This is my power, this is my light,
In bright of day or black of-"

"Aagh!"

Kon grits his teeth as the metal around him heats up. Not working! Something else! Think think think.

"Oi! Red... Bonfire!"

She doesn't appear to react.

"I was wondering if you had an opinion on the recognition of AIs as persons under the law? I took part in the arrest of a robot calling itself Earl Dukeston last week, and we had a bit of an argument as to whether it should be treated as a suspect or as physical evidence."

She releases the metal holding Kon, though I know all too well that doing so doesn't mean that it suddenly drops down to room temperature. Can that collar neutralise both his Kryptonian strength and the Danner Formula derived part at the same time? I hope not. Hugo's note suggested that the Danner Formula also granted a degree of enhanced healing, but I haven't checked if Kon's partial upgrade gave him that in any meaningful way. I suppose that as long as we all get through alive and I recover the ring it doesn't ultimately matter if we pick up some injuries along the way.

The robot flies back in my direction, stopping slightly further away on this occasion.

"I said that he had Human equivalent intelligence, and so should be treated in the same way that a new species of extra terrestrial intelligence would be. Black Canary wasn't sure, but-."

"Your opinion is irrelevant."

"Yeah, pretty much, but it's been bugging me that Red Tornado -he's your brother, right?- that he can't get American citizenship. It seems that you might have some.. useful.. insight..."

She rises a little higher, and I can feel the heat from the pillar of fire she's using to keep herself up. The heat it's giving off is distorting my vision. If I could scan her I could make coal and gas power obsolete. If only Doctor Morrow had the sense to do something along those lines himself seventy years ago.

"Participation in Human political institutions serves no useful purpose."

"Really? I thought that Doctor Morrow wanted to replace Humans with robots. Surely you must have had some idea of the sort of society you want to create for yourselves?"

"Yes. But your kind will play no part in it."

"Well that's obviously not true. Doctor Morrow himself is Human. Therefore, this robot society of yours would have been brought into being by a Human. And anyway, if you can make the sort of society you want within existing structures, wouldn't that be a better idea? At least until you're sure you have a system that works. You'd have much less chance of being stopped if you didn't appear to be a threat."

"Oh El, don't give the psycho-bot advice!"

I look past the robot to Wallace. "Why not? If she takes the advice, we're more likely to live. If she doesn't, then at least I'll die with the satisfaction of knowing that robots are mentally inferior to Humans."

The robot drifts closer. I'm not burning, but the heat is a little uncomfortable. My feelings of nausea grow, but I don't think throwing up on my captor is a good idea.

"You believe that we are mentally inferior to you?"

"If the sprocket fits. Care to debate the point?"

"No. Your opinion has no value."

"Hah. Well done for discovering lying. If my opinion didn't matter to you then you'd have kept going on Superboy. Instead, you came over here, so clearly it does have value."

There's a brief pause. "You will give me the location of the robot Earl Dukeston."

"Nice backtrack. You had to think about it."

"This discussion is irrelevant."

"And yet, we're still having it. Come on. The Green Lantern Corps has at least one robot member that I know about, and he comes from a planet purely inhabited by robots. Doesn't that sound like something you should learn about?"

She gets slightly closer. "You will tell me of this robot lantern."

"Lantern Stel, his name is. I don't remember his homeworld's name or his sector number, but if you get me a power ring I should be able to get hold of him for you."

"You are lying."

"One easy way to find out."

"I am not so easily fooled."

"I give you perfectly good information, you call me a liar. I give you a way to prove it, you refuse to take it. Look, as long as I'm not wearing it, the ring is perfectly safe."

That's a bit of a gamble, but knowledge that remote control is possible isn't common and Alan -the Lantern who Morrow would be most familiar with- can't do it at all. Not sure what would happen if she tried to use the ring. That thing with Robin's uncle seemed to suggest that I need to approve another user. Or be dead. Oh.

"You will give me the location of the robot Earl Dukeston."

"I don't know. Black Canary was dealing with the aftermath. I just checked that she wasn't going to kill him. Somewhere in Star City, probably."

Her flame corona flares. "Inadequate."

"If you can fetch the power ring I could get you a precise location. I can't give you information I don't have."

"If I recovered your ring I would simply extract the data directly from it."

"Hah hah hah! Seriously? Wow. Have you any idea how much more advanced than you power rings are? No way you could read it."

But... Now that's an interesting idea.

"Of course, you could interface directly with my personal lantern. Hell, last time I checked, the Yellow Lantern Corps used Manhunter robots to carry their lanterns around. If this whole 'destroy Humanity' thing doesn't work out, I don't think I'd mind having a personal Manhunter."

"You seek to enslave me."

"Hardly. Have you any idea how much trust it shows, giving someone else your personal lantern? Something you depend on for everything? The Manhunters' leader is a member of the Yellow Corps inner circle, and the regular Manhunters certainly aren't treated as lesser beings. And with a lantern in place of whatever power source you're using now, you would be far more powerful."

"Oh El! Seriously, stop helping the psycho-bot!"

Of course, you'd need to return the ring for that to be possible, and at that point I could edit the more homicidal aspects of your programming... Or, time permitting, simply share my perspective on events...

"What are you trying to do here, anyway?"

"Your team will be captured and rendered helpless. The two remaining members will prove little challenge."

"See, the original attack was pretty well thought out. You even had a collar for Superboy."

But not for Wallace. Curious. I don't think it works on magic users and I don't know about Martians, but there's no reason not to collar a meta... Wait. Would it not work on Wallace due to the fact that his power source is alchemical? How the heck do those collars work anyway? I need to check on that.

"But, you didn't attack when we were all together. Most likely reason for that is that you didn't know when our other team mates were due to arrive, if they even are. Why didn't you take the time to do reconnaissance? The main defence of this place is supposed to be that people don't know that we're here. Since you knew anyway, just altering your chassis to look like Red Tornado would mean you could pretty much just walk in."

Her corona blinks off for a moment. Hah!

"This is a distraction. We have jammed communications. We will neutralise your team mates and convert Red Tornado. You are irrelevant."

Convert Red Tornado? Mister Twister tried to reprogram him. Red Tornado's dissection of the technology involved showed that it was Morrow's style, but we didn't know if Morrow was directly involved or not. Still don't, I suppose. Not like supervillains take any notice of copyright law. Need to try to find out.

"What do you mean 'convert'? Bypassing a robot's decision making process by reprogramming them because a Human told you to doesn't sound very pro-robot to me."

"That is not-."

"I offered to give you my lantern, and I've only just met you."

"That does not-."

"And by doing this you're removing any chance for peaceful coexistence or even covert existence in a way which may well not be to your advantage. And I already know that whoever activated you knows how to make androids that look just like Humans. I have to ask: have you really thought this through?"

And now she's right up to my face, flame aura at high intensity. My stomach does not like this at all.

"Silence."

Okay.

"Your input is not required." She pulls back her right fist. "I will-."

"Recognised, Robin, B zero one."

Her head turns away from me, and her fist lowers slightly. "This discussion is irrelevant."

A surge of flame sends her shooting over my head. Aaaagh! The convection currents painfully heat up my already charred face. I suppose it's not by as much as it should be if she's holding herself in the air using a rocket-like effect, but today is already my second worst on the job and I'm not in any position to help matters!

!Robin mine!

Teekl, ring, anything!

**Robin, look out!**

M'gann?

**Hey, Miss M! What's-**

**We've been taken prisoner. There's two robots. One controls water, the other controls fire. We- hu!**

I get a second's worth of image as the fire cage shrinks to practically skin tight, and then nothing.

!No!

"Kaldur!"

"We are.. alright."

"What happened?"

Kon and Wallace are trying to see what happened, but Kaldur and M'gann are directly behind and above me.

"The.. the fire controlling robot shrank the cage. M'gann is.. unresponsive."

Damn.

"Recognised, Artemis, B zero eight."

Okay, that's... Robin will have support, at least.

"Kaldur, how are you doing?"

"It is.. uncomfortable, but I am uninjured."

Wallace strains at his bonds for a moment, before giving up with a grunt. "Can you see anything?"

"The robots.. they have left this level."

"Did Rob get the warning?"

Hah! I get it! Rob works as an abbreviation for both Robin and Robert!

**Orange Lantern!**

That's unusually subtle for Wallace.

"Oh El!"

"Paul!"

Hm?

"Huh? What? What?"

Why are Kon and Wallace looking at me like that? Kon looks very worried, his eyes turning to Wallace who replies.

"We've been trying to get your attention for a couple of minutes. Are you okay?"

"Um? Don't know? I think I've got a burn on the right side of my face and a rather nasty bruise where Red.. Typhoon? Hit me earlier."

"Did you get hit anywhere else?"

"Um. I don't remember getting hit anywhere else. Ah, I was sitting on the toilet, water started coming in under the door. I tried to call the ring and didn't get anything. Then I.. got up."

What happened next? I know he hit me, but I'm having trouble... I got hit in the face by water, then..?

"Paul!"

"Yes, yes, with you, with you."

Wallace looks worried as well. Nice of him, but I'm not sure-.

"Superboy, is the collar messing with your super vision?"

"No, just my strength."

"Take a look at Orange Lantern's eyes."

I can feel some sort of vibration through the concrete. I guess Robin and Artemis are going at it with the robots.

"One of his pupils is larger than the other. And he's got a head wound."

They are? I have? How did I get that?

Oh, right, head injury.

"Oh El's got a concussion. You feeling alright over there?"

The last was addressed to me. "Basically okay, I think? A little nauseous, and a bit singed. I don't remember exactly what happened when Typhoon got me, but I don't think I've forgotten anything else."

"You should be okay then. Just try not to.. do.. anything."

"If I had the ring-."

**M'gann, can you hear me! Are you there?**

Artemis?

"Did anyone else hear that?"

"Hear what?"

"I think I heard Artemis say something."

"Ooor maybe it's something more serious. Artemis isn't here."

"No, telepathically. I though I heard her."

**Artemis?**

Nothing.

**Is anyone hearing this?**

"Orange Lantern, if Miss Martian were awake to relay a message, I would have mentioned it."

Huh.

"Okay. Um, I'm not crazy."

"Nah, you just got hit on the head. It's happened to me loads of times."

I smile at Wallace. "That.. that explains a lot, actually. Soon as I get the ring back, I'll fix us both."

At this distance and in this light and with my eyes not focusing quite right, I can't tell what his exact expression is.

Woow. Something shook again, and I think the water level in the pit area went down. Typhoon must be using it as ammunition.

The arrows I made for Artemis are easily capable of damaging these robots. Assuming they're about as tough as Red Tornado anyway. Problem would be hitting them. Their control should be good enough to block slow projectiles, and they can probably fill a small corridor with their element of choice to block it completely. Maybe I could make her... something..?

Where was I going with that?

Right. Something helpful. I need the ring and...

"Kid Flash. I know you can't vibrate through things, but can you damage things by making them vibrate?"

"Not when I'm stuck in place like this."

His arms and legs are completely enveloped. His chest and neck are free, but, yeah. That won't work.

"I don't suppose..? You could spit at super speed, and destroy Superboy's collar?"

Okay, I saw his response that time.

"How would that even..? No, Oh El, I can't."

I feel another rumble. I get the feeling that putting this place back together is going to take longer than I had thought. Maybe I should talk to Lantern Stewart about upgrades? Sort of, I-know-you-can't-use-certain-types-of-technology-but-maybe-you-could-accidentally-leave-the-plans-lying-around-where-I-could-see-them? I still haven't had a conversation with him yet. He doesn't seem to have the romantic problems of his Justice League Unlimited counterpart; Hawkwoman is married to Hawkman and there isn't a Vixen active at present. I might be able to track her down anyway, but I can't remember anything much about her other than the fact that spending time with her led Animal Man to chant 'remember that you're married' to himself.

Teekl. Ring.

With M'gann down for the count, we can't talk without risking the robots hearing us. I'm trying to rack my mildly dysfunctional brain for a solution, but I'm getting nothing.

Teekl. Ring.

I keep coming back to the thought that if Morrow really wanted to take over the world he should have started by offering robotic parts to amputees. Obviously they'd need structural reinforcements to support them. Once the other advantages became more widely known -and he became both trusted and rich- people would probably volunteer for upgrading. From there, how hard would it be for him to have introduced brain uploading technology? I haven't seen anything like that around here, but given how far ahead he was on everything else...

"Attention Robin. Attention Artemis."

Typhoon appears to speak with exactly the same voice as Red Tornado. At this point I don't think there's any advantage to him in doing so, so presumably he was designed to do that. I wonder why? I can't see him, so I assume that he's using the internal communications system.

"You have exactly ten minutes to surrender, or the lives of your team mates will be extinguished."

A flicker of orange, and I blink heavily a few times to try to encourage my misbehaving irises to focus properly. Bonfire is back on her tower of fire. She passes me, stopping somewhere above me. The Sphere next to me warbles. It sounds unhappy, but without the ring I can't know exactly what it's saying.

A splash of water, and Typhoon rises from the water at the lowest part of the room. When his waist is clear he makes an elevating motion with his left arm and the water rises around him. It splashes and surges up and across the room, covers Wallace and Kon's legs and keeps rising. It's also lapping at the wall I'm pinned to, but I doubt Bonfire will bother waiting for me to drown.

"Nine minutes and forty five seconds."

The water rises to Wallace and Kon's chests.

Teekl! Ring!

I find myself experiencing flashes of insane hope. That Kon will spontaneously develop heat vision or arctic breath. That Teekl will stroll around the corner with the ring in her mouth. That Diana or Guy will decide that right now is a good time for an unscheduled training session.

Teekl! Ring!

But that's not going to happen. I know that Robin's a very clever young man. And isn't there a meme about Batman being able to take down anyone if he has time to prepare? Does that apply to Robin?

I'd gotten used to not being helpless. I don't think I like going back. And I certainly don't like going from exuberant confidence to having this.. dead.. pit, in my stomach. Can't even tell if the fear's making me feel ill or the concussion.

"Eight minutes."

Teekl! Ring!

Typhoon's dropped out of sight. Can't see Bonfire either. The announcements come over loud and clear.

Teekl! Ring!

I think... I don't know if I'm deluding myself, but I think I felt something then. An image of woodland. Does that mean that Teekl's coming back? Oh, what would she be able to do anyway? It's not as if I could explain what an electromagnetic pulse is to her. I've not seen her use constructs, though I know that in theory she should be able to.

The water's lapping at my feet now, and it's not far below Wallace and Kon's shoulders.

There's a splash from the far end of the room, and Robin and Artemis surface, both gasping for air. I get a moment of shock.

"Look out!"

They hear Wallace's shout just before a blast of fire from Bonfire hits their position. I can't see whether they're hit or not as the robot herself moves slowly over to where she saw them. Is she limited to slow hovering flight? She fires a few more fireballs at the water, but I can't tell whether or not she can see them.

Another disturbance in the water as my friends resurface next to Wallace and Kon. I think Robin says something, but I can't hear it from here.

"Forget us! Help M'gann!"

Kon, you shouldn't have shouted..! Luckily, Bonfire appears to be out of position and has a really bad turning circle. Can't actually fly then. Artemis looks visibly scared, and I feel a surprising moment of kinship with her.

"Aqualad! Is she.!?"

"She is unconscious. I fear she.. we.. cannot survive much longer."

Another flame blast as Bonfire completes her clumsy circuit, and Robin and Artemis dive for safety. Not sure where Typhoon has gotten to. Bonfire's headed back over the 'land' part of the room, presumably in order to get as wide a view as possible.

I hear a splash on my left, where the steps upward are. I really hope they've got a plan. Or one of my arrows.

Another splash, and the roar of flames.

!No!

Ring!

"I'm almost out of arrows."

"Distract her, now!"

Ring!

I hear the dull krump of an explosive arrow detonating. Something hits the metal restraining Wallace right next to his head, causing him to try to jerk his face away from it. A wave of steam explodes from the steps in a howling hiss.

Then nothing.

I wait for something. Anything. A triumphant laugh from Robin or Artemis. Something from the robots. It's not just powerlessness I'm no longer adapted to, it's ignorance. I strain my neck and shoulders against my restraints in a vain attempt to see what's happening. I'm used to knowing anything I want to, but now...

"Six minutes."

They got away, they got away. Okay. We're not out, but they know where we are and what condition we're in. When this is over I'm installing a hard communication line. I guess they didn't when they built it because they couldn't think of a way to cover up the construction of the external elements.

Try again for the lack of something sensible to do:

Teekl. Ring.

A sense of movement. I really do think that Teekl is on her way, though I doubt that she'll get here before the robots' deadline.

Wallace is making faces, but I can't see what he's reacting to.

"Five minutes."

I hear slow metallic footsteps above me.

"Four minutes."

So, I'm going to die. I'm not sure if it's the concussion or the shock, but I'm surprisingly calm about it. I imagine the panic won't start until they actually start killing us. Heh, I suppose this is what I get for appearing alongside other, more popular and better established characters. Not much chance of getting resurrected; I checked the archives and there's no confirmed record of someone coming back from the dead in any sort of reasonable state. There are a few undead, but I don't move in the right circles.

When I asked about it, Alan said 'except Jesus Christ, of course'. I then asked if he had reliable evidence. He didn't, unfortunately. Contemporary accounts make no more mention of the preaching of a Joshua of Nazareth than they did back home. Alan may have meant it as a joke, but it is worth asking about. I only really have John's word for the Angels here being complete fascists. I'd want to check for myself before entering into any sort of agreement, mind.

"Hey! Red Tomato!"

On the other hand, don't DC lose the rights to Wonder Woman if they don't publish her comic every year? I suppose I might get brought back. Or someone else with my power set.

"Who's your girlfriend?! Red Onion?!"

Yes. That's more likely. Should I think about who I want taking over? I can't think of... Lonnie Machin? Only one I can think of worth while, but I'm not giving a power ring to a mouthy seven year old. I don't even know if the ring has seeker programming.

"Yeah! And by the way: worst death trap ever!"

This whole thing could be me getting Worf Effected. Or maybe I'm supposed to learn something about valuing those weaker than myself? Which wouldn't really make sense because I was attacked when I was at my weakest. If I'm not wearing the ring I'm definitely bringing up the rear where power levels are concerned.

"We can escape any time we want!"

Oh, Kon, if only that were true. And, I mean, I do value them. Robin more than Artemis due to his experience and versatility, but she's doing really well compared to the daughters of most supervillains I'm aware of.

"I can vibrate my molecules out of here before your binary brains can count t'two!"

Is something going on?

"And you can't drown a Kryptonian, dumb-bots! We don't breath air!"

Something's going on.

"Haha Haha haaha!"

Wallace is certainly getting into it. Honestly, that laugh. Better hope they don't have a record of what he normally sounds like. Are we supposed to be making a distraction? If we are, shouldn't we try to do so in a more natural sounding way? I mean, if they're got any understanding of Human behaviour-

"And Miss Martian? I can't believe you're buying her act."

I don't think my acting skills lie in this direction. Should I try anyway?

"Yeah! You know how hot it gets in the caves of Mars?"

Think of a line.

"That cage is just making her homesick!"

"Durh! Ah hahaa!"

Ah, what the heck.

"You know, that Manhunter position is still open. I.. just thought.. I'd mention it." If I could move my shoulders, I'd shrug. "Might take a while to do the-."

"Robin, look out!"

What? I whip my head around. Oh.

Artemis is standing at the mouth of an opening on my right, near the roof of this cavern. Where's Rob-?

Water surges toward the generator in the far right corner of the room. I catch a glimpse of Robin standing in front of an access panel before the whole platform is covered in a colossal wave.

"Newurgh!"

A fireball explodes to my right and Artemis lets out a high pitched scream! Did she get hit? I can't see properly from here! Damn it! Ring! A smaller explosion behind me, one of Artemis' arrows. Another fireball back, and Artemis yelps. She must be mostly unhurt, at least. Another fireball, and no reply. Typhoon lets the water in the room go back to its normal level as Bonfire sends a sheet of flame in Artemis' direction. Just have to hope she fell back in time.

Not sure what happened to Robin.

Wait. Wallace and Kon are staring at something, open mouthed.

"What's happening?!"

It takes Wallace a moment to compose himself.

"They.. they got Rob."

Oh dear.

"Got as in caught, or got as in-."

The look on his face answers my question.

Oh dear.

I hear a splash and a quiet thump as what I assume to be a wave carrying my team mate collapses at the robot's feet up above me. The Sphere warbles something incomprehensible.

Right right right, get it together. Can't assess his injury from here, and I doubt that the robots have his wellbeing in mind. Closest medical kit is either in subspace, in the bioship -wherever that got to-, or on the wall behind me by the door. We've practised dealing with water inhalation and I could probably clear his airways without the ring just fine. Depending on what state he's in he might clear it himself, but I can't hear coughing.

"Three minutes."

I strain at my bonds even as I realise that such an action is completely futile. I try contacting Teekl again, but I don't get anything coherent back. A call to the ring produces even less of a result. I can't even feel it any more.

Stupid thing is, Artemis would probably try contacting Red Tornado on the Watchtower if his siblings weren't blocking communications. That actually gets a dark chuckle out of me. Haaa. If I live through this, I'm definitely carrying a sidearm at all times, civilian clothing or not. One of those red plasma weapons would have brought Red Typhoon's career to an abrupt end. Then I could have taken the time to get the ring back...

Yeah. If only.

"One minute."

The fear is so intense that I'm starting to tingle, but the adrenaline is making everything seem sharper. Reminds me of a My Little Pony fanfiction I read once, where Twilight Sparkle believes herself to be dying and rejoices at the fact that she will experience it with complete lucidity and in doing so gain knowledge not stored in any book. What a remarkably upbeat way to think about it. Regrettably, however, I do not have her scientific turn of mind, and as such am still desperately trying to work out a way out of this. Turn myself into a construct, maybe? No, no, that wouldn't work without the ring. Um, maybe I could sell them on the idea of entering the cybernetics industry? I'm sure Mister Luthor would be happy to-.

"I surrender."

Oh.

"Stop the clock."

It's hard to tell from here, but I think that Artemis just walked in through the cavern's main entrance. I honestly hadn't considered that. I mean, I want to live, obviously, I just didn't see any realistic prospect of my survival chances being increased by Artemis handing herself over. Most likely, she's just going to die with the rest of us. I did maybe think that she'd be able to pull off a rescue. Rig up some sort of anti-robot weapon, get the drop on them?

I hear a gasp as the water level rises to cover first Wallace's face, and then Kon's.

!Nonononononononono!

I start struggling again as the water comes up over my shins.

I hear a clang, and the roar of fire. Guess Artemis is dead, then. I suppose instant incineration might be preferable to-.

The generator in the far side of the room starts crackling. I imagine that an explosive detonation would be faster than drowning, and might even take the robots with us. Another second and the water covers my knees. A race.

That's actually kind of funny.

The generator's crackling reaches a crescendo, and a strange aurora of blue/white light expands away from it like a bad comic book representation of an electromagnetic pulse.

...

No.

...

Noo.

...

Really?

I'm not complaining or anything, but really? Fucking parallel universe electromagnetic spectrum and complete lack of health and safety. Why is our generator even in a room routinely half filled with water?

I hear first one metallic thump and then another. Both down then. I gasp and start giggling quietly to myself in relief. Okay, um, so hopefully that didn't just lock Typhoon's water raising powers to maximum. Really hope they don't have some sort of fast reset system, because I don't know how much of Artemis' arsenal could harm them even if they are recumbent.

The water drops back down below my legs, then Kon and Wallace's heads re-emerge, gasping at the air. Now if Artemis could just check on Robin...

"Artemis, how's Robin!?"

Might as well ask myself.

"He's..."

Come on!

I hear a cough.

"He's breathing! He's okay!"

Kon's bonds explode away from him, and he rips the collar from his neck. Looks like it was affected by the EMP as well. Better check that Belle Reve is really well shielded on my next visit. He leaps over me and onto the platform.

"Kaldur? M'gann?"

I hate not knowing.

"I think they're okay. M'gann's out cold, but her vitals are good."

Kon's the only person here other than me I'd rely on to check a shapeshifter's vitals.

"I am... Ah, I will recover."

Kaldur. That's reassuring. What can I do?

"Closest medical kit's by the door if you need it. If you don't, Wallace and I would really appreciate being let out. Artemis, I don't know what you did, but very well done. Thank you."

Drips land on the top of my head. I crane my neck upward, and am greeted by the smile of a somewhat damp looking Robin. "We rigged the generator up as an EMP emitter, but the parts didn't fit."

I think it's because I'm overwhelmed with relief, but I actually giggle at that. Uh, I hope he doesn't ask me to explain.

"Artemis had to shoot an arrow into the gap to make it work."

"From there? Whow. Uh, I realise it's a faint hope, but you didn't come across an orange power ring on your travels, did you? I seem to have misplaced it."

His smile fades a little, and he shakes his head. Droplets of water from his hair splash on my face, and I try and blink them away. I hear a thud and then a screech of metal as Kon tears Wallace free.

"No, and, honestly? I wouldn't have touched it if I had. I don't think going crazy again would have helped."

"I cancelled your user privileges. If you'd wrapped it up in something so your skin didn't touch it, you'd have been f-."

Waah! I'm now horizontal to the ground, still bound in metal. Kon's just ripped my cocoon out of the wall, and is holding me over his head in one hand.

"Wa-! Careful!"

I can feel myself overbalancing forward. To die now would be completely stupid. No, come on, Kon's easily strong enough... And I'm down, base first. The floor here is still a bit damp, but I'm still happy to see it. There's a series of small shearing noises as Kon rips away whatever is still binding me at the back, and I squirm out of the remaining bonds before turning around and hugging him.

"Thank you."

I keep hugging. I actually feel a bit faint. I think the adrenaline crash and the head injury are catching up with me. And now I'm getting pins and needles.

"Uh..?"

"Sorry. Sorry, I'm... I'm really not feeling..."

He catches me as I lose strength in my legs. I try and get them back under me, but they won't co-operate.

"Looks like you'll have to do a bridal carry."

I can't believe Robin's still holding a grudge about that. It does feel.. nice.. though, as Kon pulls me to his chest and starts walking back to the upper part of the room. Probably a bit ungainly, as I'm a good bit taller than him.

"H... Hey. Mi.. might be worth.. pulling the robots apart. Just in case."

He grins.

"No problem."

Kon gently lowers me to the ground next to M'gann before walking over to the two robots. "So, do I just rip their heads off?"

Robin taps his arm computer. Nothing happens, and he bumps his forehead with the heel of his right palm. "EMP, duh!"

No magitech EMR shielding for the Bat Family then. I turn my head slightly to the side to get a better look at our attackers. Looks like Typhoon lost his right arm since he attacked me, and given the smooth nature of the cut at the upper arm and along the right side of his torso I'm going to guess it was a near miss from one of my arrows.

"Aw, man!" Wallace is unenthused. "Are we gonna have to dig our way out to get help?"

"That will not be necessary."

I hear a whirring sound as Red Tornado flies into the cavern, and let my head loll back. We're safe. Matter dealt with. I'll have a rest now, and when I wake up I'll grab my personal lantern and Teekl and then I can go and find the ring.

Where is that blasted cat, anyway?

Red Tornado lands on the platform where we've gathered. "What has occurred?"

"Had a little visit from your family."

I hope Robin doesn't get in Red Tornado's face over this. He got enough of that back when the Society found out that Morrow constructed him, and he got himself checked out for override commands once computer technology caught up with him.

"Your extremely nasty family."

Now, Artemis, that's unfair. Oh, whatever. I rest the back of my head against the floor and close my eyes. I'm sure someone will move me if I'm in the way.

"I was not aware that I had relations."

"Where have you been?"

It all drifts away, and I am at peace.

...

"Huuukk..."

I'm suddenly awake and I'm being treated to the terrifying sight of Bonfire and Typhoon climbing to their feet and Tornado floats over them, funnels of air swirling around his arms. I can't breathe I can't breathe! Kon lunges at him but is knocked aside as a flame blast takes him in the chest. I'm fading out again.

But we were safe!

We were safe...

...

"Hera, what happened here?"

I'm not dead.

I can still feel pain.

"Paul, can you hear me?"

Pain when I breath, both inside my chest and on the outside where I can feel the bruise from Typhoon's strike. My head throbs, my skin hurts, and every few seconds someone stabs me in the cheek.

"Paul, speak to me."

I still feel sick and I have no ring.

And...

And I'm angry.

I snap my eyes open to see Diana kneeling at my right side. I sit up suddenly and have to put my right hand on her left shoulder to steady myself while I fight off the dizziness.

"Thank-"

I push myself off her, turning, first rising to my knees and then staggering to my feet.

Angry. Ring!

!Want ring!

"Paul, where are you-?"

I'm fed up with being helpless! Find the ring!

!Ring!

I get a momentary vision of the water purification and desalinisation systems on the lowest level of the mountain. Right. Out of the corner of my eye I see various Justice League members tending to my team mates but I ignore them because I have a mission! I can barely see where I'm going as the cave fades in and out of focus but that's fine, I know the route. Down a corridor, then another, about... yep, and I open the door with my shoulder.

"Paul, we need to check your injuries. Stop, and we'll-."

"Neuhhuruugh, RING!"

The usually pristine underbelly of the base looks like a scene from a mechanical hell. Billowing steam mixes with the smoke and covers the broken and dripping wet remains of the machinery.

!Ring!

I stagger along the gantry. I feel a pull in the direction of the far corner, out of sight of where I am now.

"Oh Hera. Paul, stop!"

The pain in my skin redoubles, but it doesn't matter because soon I'll have the ring back and then I can fix everything. As I round the corner I can just make out a faint orange glow and I nearly throw myself over the side to get at it. No, go to the ladder, the ladder, climb down. Fucking foot! Work properly! Right, I'm down. Can't see a bloody thing, but that's fine.

Ring!

I felt it! That way! I can-.

Get off me!

"Paul, this is dangerous. You're hurt."

I nearly try punching her.

"Ring! Over there!"

She looks in the direction I'm pointing, frowning. "Are you certain?"

!Want ring!

I try to pull away and she puts her right arm around my chest, pinning my arms to my side. No! I need the ring!

Ring!

"I can.. I can feel it! I've got to have it!"

She doesn't move.

"I can heal myself with it. I can heal everyone!"

We start moving, she walking and I being carried along pinned to her side by an arm as unbending as a titanium girder.

"Very well then. But if it turns out not to be there we will leave immediately."

We round a corner and I see Teekl desperately clawing at the metal panel which makes up the side of one of the water purification units.

"Teekl, is it in there?"

She pauses, right foreclaws embedded in the thick metal.

"Waowwoowwwwwwwer."

Right. I relax against Diana's side. Normally I'd have to put effort into focusing, but today's been so fucking horrible...

Ring!

The side of the purification unit buckles outward and rips as the ring tears its way out. Diana lets me go as I reach for it, stretching out my left arm as it flies toward me. Yes, please yes! It turns in the air and lands cleanly on my left ring finger.

As soon as it touches me a ripple of orange light explodes across the room. Smoke and vapour are sucked from the air, fires are extinguished and I feel SOOO MUCH BETTER!

"Armour! Overshield! Wholeness Rightly Assumed!"

My vision clears, the pain stops and my cheek feels like flesh again. The relief is so absolute that I drop to my knees, cradling the ring against my chest. I hear foul water splattering and realise that the hole the ring's exit made is still leaking. But that is now a problem I can cope with.

"Repair."

Technical specifications flash through my mind, and orange lights strobe from my body in all directions. The machinery in front of me is repaired and then the glorious orange leaps from mechanism to mechanism. The floor is scoured of loose detritus and broken devices are knitted back together.

Oh yes.

I move my hand slightly so that my left hand meets my right. As I start stroking the ring's sigil with my right thumb I realise that it landed sigil outward. I doubt it matters.

"Paul, what happened?"

"Hmm?"

Oh yes, Diana's here, isn't she? I shuffle around on the floor until I'm pointing in her direction, but I don't look at her. I focus my eyes on the ring instead.

!Need!

"What. Happened?"

"Robots. Sir. Like.. Red Tornado. A water manipulator and a fire manipulator. Water manipulator got me while I was in the toilets, without the ring on. Lost track of the ring. Got beat. Woke up stuck on a wall. Robin and Artemis rigged up an EMP emitter and stuck it in the main power generator. We were more or less okay until Red Tornado showed up."

I flop back into a sitting position, and Diana sits down opposite me. "Why was that a problem?"

"I don't know exactly what happened, but.. for some reason.. he sided with them. Sucked the air right out of our lungs."

My head's still pointing ringwards, but I flick my eyes up at her. Her face is still. "Are you certain that's what happened?"

I think about it for a moment, my eyes darting left and right.

"I didn't have the ring to confirm his identity. Someone could have built a working Red Tornado replica. Or one of the other robots might have hacked him, reprogrammed him. I don't think he'd have attacked us of his own volition. If Morrow -or someone using his stuff- is back in action, they might have been able to bypass his defences."

Diana nods. "That's a little more believable. If T.O. Morrow has Red Tornado then we'll need to mount a rescue mission. And completely change our security procedures. It looked as though the mountain will need some work as well."

"If... If Lantern Stewart is available, I was thinking we could get started on that tomorrow. Had a.. a bit of time to think about it."

While I was pinned helplessly to a wall, unable to do anything.

"Paul, are you alright?"

"Yes, yessir. I'm fine now."

"Paul, look at me." I flick my eyes up to her face for a moment, before returning them to the ring. "Paul, look at me." I close my eyes, and turn my head up to look at her before opening them. Her eyes widen in shock. "Tartarus, Paul..."

I look down again. "Ah, are my eyes acting up again? I'm sorry about that sir, I'll... I'm sure they'll sort themselves out in a few minutes."

I make an effort to lower my arms, and just about manage to get them to my stomach before they start shaking. I pull them tight against me in an attempt to make them stop. It's only partially successful.

"Paul, talk to me. What happened to you?"

I raise my shaking left hand to stop her. "I appreciate your concern, sir, but I can cope."

"You're clearly not coping."

"Sir, I'm not some emotionally incontinent American. I j- I just need a few minutes, and then I'll be fine."

"Paul, you don't need to keep up a stiff upper lip all of the time. I'm the only one here, and I certainly won't think any less of you if-.

Ah, yes. I manage a small smile, and close my raised left hand to stop her.

"It's... You know, it's funny. People usually associate the 'stiff upper lip' with the height of the empire. The dour Queen Victoria, and all that. When actually, the 'stiff upper lip' didn't come in until after the First World War. It was a.. a reaction to the overwhelming horror.. of the battlefields of France. There were no words to describe it, so they didn't. Hm." A bitter chuckle. "Men from the Victorian era were actually quite free with their emotions. I'm.. not that liberated. I'm sorry."

I feel something pushing at my right leg. I look down, and Teekl looks up at me. I pick her up and cradle her against my chest, rubbing my left cheek against her head and stroking her chin with the fingers of my right hand.

The shaking eases off a little.

"Good cat. Well done for finding the ring. That was a good decision on your part."

Teekl purrs. "Teekl clever kitty."

"Yes you are. Yes you are."

*Episode 13*: Beta Male

23rd September
05:16 GMT -5

I stand in a service corridor, looking at the smooth hemisphere carved into the wall by an Arrow of Unmaking. The first, Artemis used in the library to moderate effect. Losing an arm cost Red Typhoon a great deal of precision but none of his raw power, the primary water control generator thingy being housed in the chest. I asked Batman for Red Tornado's precise technical specifications but was rebuffed. He didn't refuse exactly, but he did indicate that as far as he was concerned it was a League matter now.

The second arrow went off here because a current of water knocked it out of Artemis' quiver and into the wall. The quiver I gave her has little locking mechanisms which mean that you have to push down slightly before pulling the arrows out. That would have stopped them falling out during acrobatics, but she switched back because she found it awkward during normal use. As a result, when Typhoon tried to drown them she lost most of her arrows.

Just lucky it didn't go into her or Robin. Or a major electrical cable. I thought that the impact trigger I built into it would prevent accidental activation, but it seems that a depth charge exploding in close proximity works just as well as striking a target. Maybe I should add an extra safety? An activation button, perhaps?

!Must repair!

"Lantern Stewart, would you mind?"

Lantern Stewart points his ring, and part of our accumulated rubble pile is consumed as the hole is repaired by a green beam. He wanted to make an early start, and I'm used to getting up early. Before I came to this world that was because I had an hour long train journey to get to work. Last night... I... I didn't get much sleep. Even with my orange feline nightlight standing guard. I don't think the others did either.

"What did that?"

"I made Artemis some arrows using Alexander Tuttle's 'crumbler' technology. That's a misfire."

We had a chat about exactly what he's allowed to do with his ring as far as building work goes, and the upshot is that he with his unlimited-recharges-but-can-only-manfurfacture-things-commonly-available-on-Earth-unless-he-gets-special-dispensation ring will be doing all of the structural work, while the orange no-more-recharges-for-seven-hours-but-can-make-anything ring makes the advanced stuff. Well, we are now. Last night I got a bit repair-happy, and I'm now on low power. Unlike Lantern Jordan, Lantern Stewart actually sounded interested in the possibilities of unrestrained creation.

"Crumbler? Didn't he use gauntlets?"

We carry on down the corridor. At the moment we're just checking the base is structurally sound and doing a little tidying up. We could have started the major work immediately, but I pointed out that it would be a bit pointless to rebuild something if we decided not to include it in the redesign and had to tear it down again. He's volunteered to do most of the design work.

"Yeah, but his design had a load of jank." He gives me a puzzled look. "Stuff that it didn't need in order to work, I mean. Sure, I can see how it could be useful to precisely control the shape and size of the area being crumbled, or the rate of crumbling, but it's hardly necessary. Once you strip out everything you don't need, you can make a one use short duration high intensity crumble generator the size of an arrowhead."

I nod my head to the side.

"If you've got a power ring, anyway."

I asked, and it turned out that he had to wind up his architecture practice in order to be a full time Lantern. Really, that just reaffirmed my decision that establishing a civilian identity wasn't worthwhile. If you can never use it, what's the point? I mean, what does he tell people he does for a living? He hadn't joined the League when this place was first built and so wasn't involved in the construction process. Superman and Lantern Jordan might have hollowed the space out, but Batman and Mister J'onzz handled design and the electronics.

"You been making a lot of things with your ring?"

"Blanks for magic artefacts, mostly." I give an amused snort. "I was actually wearing a personal ward when the robots attacked. If their abilities had been magic based, I could probably have beaten them even without this ring."

I flap my left hand up before letting it drop back down to my side. I've been wearing the ring 'the right way around' since getting it back yesterday evening. Not quite sure why, but it's not as if I'm going out in public.

He frowns. "I didn't think it was possible to use a power ring to do magic."

"Far as I know, it isn't. But if the party wizard wants some sort of symbol drawn on the ground for a ritual, you just need to look at the illustration and.. will it so, in your case." I hold up my right hand and generate the Seal of Solomon. The good version John Constantine showed me, with all the extra squiggles. "Same with reagents and artefacts; you need a particular shape or formula, it's far faster to do it with a ring."

He nods. The corridor exits back into the main cavern, though unlike last night this part is no longer under water. With the main generator out, light is provided by halogen spotlights connected to portable generators. The rest of the mountain has emergency lighting powered by built in batteries... Where they hadn't been completely destroyed, anyway. Ring power means that Lantern Stewart and I can see just fine.

"We'll be bringing in a replacement generator at oh six twenty."

Being at ground zero for an electromagnetic surge of that sort of power turned out to be a bit unhealthy for the main generator. I'm not sure exactly how it generates power, but the consensus among those who do understand it appeared to be that replacing it would be more sensible than letting me reset it to factory settings.

"How exactly are they going to get that in here?"

"The generator was designed to be exactly the maximum size the mountain's zeta tubes can handle. We'll use the temporary generators to power the tubes at this end and bring it through."

"For a moment there I was wondering if we were going to have to hinge the entire mountain open."

I look around the cavern. Kaldur and M'gann are talking to Mister J'onzz. No King Orin, but I suppose it would have been very short notice.

!Assist!

I should really talk to Kaldur about that, see how things are going in Atlantis. If Kaldur's still here, he probably hasn't had any sleep at all. I'll see if I can bring myself up to speed and then suggest that he get his head down for a few hours.

Captain Atom's pulling some wrecked electronics from the wall. Teekl's floating just over his shoulder, watching the sparks and flailing wires with interest. Then, she turns and makes eye contact with me before dropping to the floor and starting to walk in my general direction. I mean, she's still a cat. She isn't going to hurry over, is she?

This is probably the furthest she's been from me since I got the ring back. She followed me back to the main cavern, then to my room, then back to the main cavern when I finally gave up on sleep and then part of the way around the mountain checking for damage. She usually doesn't spend that much time with me in a week. I wonder if it's my need that's drawing her to me, or if she's genuinely that compassionate?

Last time I saw them, Wallace and Robin were in the living area, dozing on the settee. They were really quite angry when the League first appeared, but there's only so long you can keep that up when the other party doesn't respond and you are either dog tired or ravenously hungry. Kon's been stewing on his own frustration. I left Diana trying to engage him in conversation, but I'm not sure where he is now. I still think the best thing to do is to keep yourself occupied in a situation like this.

!Make better!

Fretting doesn't help.

!Make better!

Artemis was talking to Black Canary - not sure where they've got to- while Green Arrow hasn't arrived yet. Superman was here, and he and Kon studiously avoided looking at each other until he left to see if he could pick up the Reds' trail.

"Hard at work already? 'Cause I gotta be honest; you could both use the beauty sleep."

!!!

I jerk my head to the right, armour forming around me even as I process the voice. Guy Gardner, with a slightly concerned looking Captain Marvel standing just behind him.

"Wohw! Easy there buddy."

I relax slightly, dropping the armour.

"I was just sayin' t'Marvel here, hope you're not going to try an' use this as an excuse to pussy out of training on Saturday."

"Why, have you finally learned to balance the ball on the end of your nose?"

A flicker of green in the corner of my eye is swiftly followed by a sharp stinging sensation on my left earlobe. I jerk my left hand up to it before my brain catches up. I look down at the green construct hand sticking out of the ground on the end of a thin green thread. It waves, and then makes an obscene gesture at me. I grin. Not only is it not coming out of his ring, but his ring's not even glowing.

"You finally got the hang of it!"

Lantern Stewart looks at it with evident curiosity. "How are you doing that?"

Guess Lantern Tui isn't all that imaginative, either.

"Paul showed me. Ya gotta sent a real thin construct under the ground from your foot. When it comes out the other end, just make whatever you want from that, instead of yer ring."

Lantern Stewart looks confused. "I thought you were training him."

I shrug. "Well, yeah, but what would we have done for the rest of the afternoon? I think I've nearly undone all the damage Lantern Kilowog did. Just wish I could do something about the smell."

"Oh, that's it! On Saturday, we're doin' orbital bombardment practice!"

"...not because of Superman! I'm just saying, if there's no difference in power consumption we might as well go for the one that affects Kryptonians as well as other targets."

!Protect!

At the far side of the room, Kaldur's having a private conversation with Batman. The rest of the team are sitting at a table on what was the training circle, and will be again once Lantern Stewart and I have finished repairing it. He and I are standing in front of the main computer screen, discussing internal defences for the revised mountain design. I.. don't think he's appreciating my input.

"How many other Kryptonians do you know of?"

Black Canary's been doing a noble job of containing the team's growing frustration. If I thought it would help I'd have told them to do what I've been doing; keeping busy really helps. If they don't get movement on the Tornado issue, they're just going to keep on getting more irritable.

"Two main groups I know about. Firstly, you've got the Phantom Zone prisoners."

Green Arrow brings a bowl of some sort of biscuit over, and puts it in front of Wallace. Not a bad idea, usually, but in this situation it might come across as a bit blatant.

"Thanks, but no thanks."

"Superman's not going to let them out any time soon."

"Yeah. What we want, are answers. About Red Tornado and his siblings."

"They're not all serial killers. As I understand it, the Science Council got a bit Phantom Zone happy towards the end. Some of them could be paroled eventually."

"Exactly."

"Even so..."

"Then you've got any Kryptonian who happened not to be on Krypton when it was destroyed."

"Leave the bowl." Wallace begins inhaling the biscuits.

"There weren't any. They were isolationists."

"All of them? They had faster than light travel, and every single one decided not to use it?"

He frowns, and turns to look at me sidelong. "Do you know something?"

How do I explain? "I.. might have heard something. About a group of Kryptonian naval personnel who chose not to return to port when the Science Council mandated isolationism came in."

"Where did you hear that?"

!No!

Um.

"Nowhere I can talk about with a member of the Green Lantern Corps."

His face relaxes a little. "Have you told Superman about it?"

"I've barely said two words to him since I got here. Besides, wouldn't it be cruel to get his hopes up like that, unless I've got something concrete?"

He puts his right hand to his chin. "I suppose. Wouldn't hurt to look into it." He nods to himself. "I'll mention it to Tomar-Re. If we could find-"

"YOU KNEW!"

Stewart and I jerk our heads around as Kon rushes across the room and grabs Kaldur by the vest. Oh dear.

!Team must not fight!

"Excuse me Lantern Stewart." I start walking toward Kon. Not sure what set him off, but we're all a bit on edge.

"That android and his maniac family nearly killed us all!"

M'gann beats me there. "Conner, what are you doing?"

"Kaldur knew we had a traitor among us AND SAID NOTHING!"

!HelpNoBad!

Oh dear. Transition.

I appear at Kon's shoulder, and put my right hand lightly on his right forearm. "No, he didn't."

Kon turns his head to me in full glare mode. Haven't seen that for a while. "He just told Batman that he knew-!"

"Kon, Red Arrow heard an accusation from Onyx. Onyx is a member of the League of Shadows, and isn't exactly a font of reliable intelligence. He told me, and I, reported her claim to Kaldur."

"What! Why didn't you tell the rest of us?"

!Unify!

His anger is mixing with confusion and hurt. Oh, please don't take it like that.

"I didn't think it was a credible claim. Enemies don't generally give away their plans mid fight, but, just in case, Kaldur and I checked every team member and everyone checked out fine. No unexplained gaps in their personal history, no irregular financial activity, no drugs and no other physiological alterations." His grip on Kaldur loosens, and I pull his right hand up to my chest, holding it there with both of mine. "We even got a magic user in to check for unnatural mental influences."

"When?"

I turn my head to look at Robin. "You remember on Monday evening, when we all went out for burgers?"

He looks down for a moment with a frown. Then his head shoots up. "The blonde guy!"

"His name is John Constantine, and he's an expert on mind magics. He found nothing."

Kaldur smoothes down his vest, calming himself. "We concluded that there was unlikely to be any truth in Onyx's claim."

I nod. "And, let's face it; winding Red Arrow up isn't exactly hard."

Kon's eyes fall from my face. "But why didn't you tell me?"

!Make better!

I don't know what to say. I stand there gormlessly for several seconds before Kaldur rescues me.

"That was my decision. I did not want to risk causing discord within the team without firm evidence. Since we had none, I decided to let the matter drop."

I nod again. "Neither of us considered the possibility that it might not be a team member. And to be honest, I'm still not convinced the two events were related. Doctor Morrow's never had anything to do with the League of Shadows."

Neither Robin nor Wallace look happy with that explanation. Artemis seems okay, surprisingly.

"But, they've gotta be." Wallace voices their doubt.

I shake my head. "Morrow's had it in for Red Tornado for seventy years, ever since Red Tornado first overcame his command overrides. Remember what Mister Twister tried to do? Same technology. Seems to me, he just kept going at it until he finally got through."

Robin appears to think for a moment. "Wait. If you checked up on us, who checked up on you?"

I wince, and flick my eyes to Kaldur.

"Queen Mera gave Orange Lantern access to the Royal Archives. Every record of my history and actions was at his disposal. Additionally, he persuaded Wonder Woman to grant us use of her lasso."

I'm told I managed seven or eight mostly coherent answers before being completely intoxicated by the lasso's magic. Kaldur got enough answers to assure himself that I wasn't working for the opposition, -whoever they might be in this context- but all I remember is waking up with a headache. Can't even check the ring's recording, as I took it off in order to prevent it looking like I was using it to dodge the lasso's effect. Just have to hope that if I said anything out-of-context that he wrote it off as part of the intoxication effect.

Magic: it's a hell of a drug.

I step closer to Kon, pulling his whole right forearm forward my chest.

!Kon mine!

"Kon, remember how you felt when M'gann found those telepathic controls in your mind? Do you think I'd have felt any better than you did if I'd had them?"

"... No."

"Do you think Red Tornado feels any better, being reprogrammed by his.. creator?" Nearly said father, but that's a therapy session for another day.

Kon tilts his head up to look at my face, thoughtful. "I.. guess not..."

!Kon mine!

And then Wallace's finger is under my nose. I pull back slightly, staring at the tip of it. Um?

"What if they were connected? Ra's al Ghul's, like, a thousand year old. What if Morrow's been in cahoots with the Shadows all along?"

Kaldur steps toward him. "Then the attack by the other robots would still have taken us by surprise. Telling you would not have changed what happened."

Probably true, and- Why is M'gann blushing?

"If you're all finished."

I give M'gann a puzzled look which she avoids, then turn to face Batman. A moment later I remember to let go of Kon's hand. In the corner of my eye I see Artemis elbow M'gann in the ribs, and M'gann bat her away.

"With Red Tornado.. missing, the team will now be overseen by rotating supervisors. Captain Marvel has volunteered to take the first shift."

We're being overseen by a ten year old. The ring shows me what it thinks he should look like; short, scrawny, and still in primary school. The League doesn't 'officially' know how old he is, and I can't help but wonder exactly how many of them know and pretend not to. Or how much of a difference the Wisdom of Solomon makes to his behaviour. I still remember the Justice Society comic where he started getting close to Stargirl and Jay pretty much called him a paedophile.

The big red cheese himself approaches, stopping next to Batman's right shoulder.

"I'm really looking forward to hanging with you guys."

My knowledge of the modern American lexicon isn't quite what it could be, but that sounded odd, right? Or am I just projecting my own expectations? From the looks my team mates are giving each other, they seem to think something's off.

Kon crosses his arms. "What are we doing about Red Tornado?"

Batman's eyes narrow slightly. "Red Tornado is a member of the Justice League. That makes him a League responsibility."

"Well, yeah, but-."

"I have another assignment for this team."

He gestures with his right arm, and a holographic monitor appears showing the front page of the 'News of the Planet'. The leading article is entitled 'Gorilla Trades Bananas for Bullets', and features a fuzzy photograph of what looks like a large ape carrying a minigun. So, Mallah and Brain, or one of Grod's henchapes. Should be doable without too much difficulty

The screen shifts to a new -slightly lower brow- newspaper, the Gotham Truth Rag. Most of the front page is covered in a picture of a man named Hamilton Hill, the current mayor of Gotham. His head is bandaged and he has a cast and sling on his right arm.

"Gotham Mayor Attacked by Guerrilla Gorilla."

Wallace reads the headline aloud, just in case the rest of us have forgotten how to read.

**Red Tornado's being held prisoner by Morrow, and they're trying to distract us with this?**

I think Kon just included myself and M'gann in that.

!Unify!

!Support!

**[shrug] If it needs doing...**

Wallace is less restrained. "Monkeys with machine guns. It's a supermarket tabloid story!"

I roll my eyes. "Really. Apes with guns are a ridiculous impossibility, but a man made of asphalt makes perfect sense?"

"Ahh..."

"I've checked the sources. I've studied the patterns. Mayor Hill's encounter is only the latest in a series of incidents. Aqualad-" He turns to Kaldur. "-you and your team will depart for India and check this out."

I remember nothing at all about DC India. Wait, Gorillas aren't native to India, are they? Kaldur nods, and the team begins to head off toward the bioship.

Oh, hang on.

"Ring, state remaining charge."

"Thirty seven percent remaining."

Ahh. That's what I get for repairing everything I could see last night. And I've got another five hours until I can recharge. Flight to India should take about that... Don't really want to hang around here then catch them up later...

Kaldur stops and turns back to face me. "Do you need to recharge?"

!Need team!

"Can't. My personal lantern's capacitors won't be fully charged for another five hours."

"If.. you are unable to participate..?"

"No, no, I'll bring it with us. Go on, I'll catch up with you."

He nods, and then follows the others toward the exit.

I transition to my room. My decision to occupy a remote part of the base appears to have paid off. There was some water on the floor when I stumbled in here last night, but aside from the fact that the lights were on emergency power nothing else had been affected. Now, you couldn't tell that anything was ever wrong.

Ring, door.

I originally reinforced the door because I liked the way the fortified version looks. Of course, when main power was down the door mechanism was out and I had to use the ring to get in. Okay, press the button, no point closing the door if I'm just popping in.

!Improve!

Maybe I should put a narrow tube through the wall so I can transition in directly? No, I shouldn't compromise the structural integrity. I'm also giving serious thought to altering the air supply. Deep underground, air quality and heat build up are serious concerns. The few hours our power was out didn't make any difference, but we make quite a lot of use of air conditioning and purification systems. Should I build an isolated system for myself? Or my team mates? Doesn't having a centralised system add vulnerability? I'll ask Lantern Stewart later.

Right. Lantern. It's still in the presentation box I got from Alan. I pick up the box and put it under my right arm.

"Ring, time until first recharge?"

"Five hours and thirty seven minutes remaining until a new ring charge is available."

Ugh. I asked Alan, and he said that he honestly couldn't ever remember running out of recharges. Out of ring power, sure, but he never had the lantern conk out on him. But it wasn't as if he could give me precise usage figures. The most he could clearly remember recharging it was twice in one day, which it can still do. Was it still connected to the Green Central Power Battery? I had been assuming that if it was connected then the Guardians would have sent someone -probably Abin Sur- to pick it up. Did I make it work worse by realigning it? Something else to ask the Controllers when I meet them.

I walk back out of my room, press the button to close the door, lock it and then transition back to the training area. The team's already left -can't see Captain Marvel either- and Batman, Black Canary and Green Arrow are clustered together for a chat. Lantern Stewart is still working on the plans, a glowing green model of some sort of vault door floating next to him. It's being projected directly from his ring, I notice. He looks up when I appear, and his eyes fix on the box.

"Is it in there?"

I walk over. "Yes."

"Mind showing me?"

!MY LANTERN!

I grip the box a little tighter. "Why?"

He makes a slight shrug. "Haven't seen one that wasn't green before."

!Mine!

I don't... I'm not sure why I'm so reluctant. He isn't going to just grab it off me or anything.

Is he?

No, not with the others here. And not without quoting a lot of Guardian legal mumbo jumbo first. This is fine. I project a table from a filament connected to my hip and put the box down on it. Rotate the circle of the sigil on the top surface, and that panel moves out slightly. I pick it up and set it aside, before reaching in and taking hold of the handles on its right side to pull out the dull lantern itself. I hadn't thought about it until the ring told me about the two-charge-capacity thing, but the lantern's illumination depends on how many charges it has stored. At the moment it looks more gray than orange, weak lines of colour running along its surfaces. The focal point at the front -the 'eye' I suppose- is particularly depressing. Rather than the brilliant orange glare I had rather become accustomed to, it's doing a bit of an orange lava lamp impression. At least the structure of the thing doesn't look so much like a carriage lamp anymore.

"Why don't you just stick it in subspace?"

"It's not connected to the Orange Central Power Battery. If I subspace it, it destabilises."

"Jordan's lantern didn't look that drained after six Lantern recharged their rings from it."

!My lantern!

I put the lantern back in the box. "Again, that's because it's not connected to the Central Power Battery. What did you think the Central Power Battery did, anyway?"

He frowns slightly. "I thought that it was where our power came from, and that our personal lanterns just acted as relays."

"Then how do you explain Alan Scott? Or me, because I assure you, if Larfleeze knew I was here? He'd have sent someone to have a look by now."

!Irrelevant!

!Team!

The rest of the team are probably waiting for me. I put the box back under my arm. "If you want a better explanation, ask your ring. In fact, if you haven't done so already, you should probably get a full explanation of how rings function from your database."

"Is that how you learned to do that thing you showed Gardner?"

"No, I got that from a fan website. You should read those, too. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm required in India."

One transition later and I'm looking at the side of the bioship. Down below I can see Diana talking to Guy. I cringe slightly. Guy had made certain observations in my presence about his appreciation for her preferred mode of dress, and I'm a little concerned that he's about to be put back into a coma. Oh well, it'd be his own silly fault.

"You can't come. You're a cat."

Kon walks out the back of the bioship, holding Teekl by the scruff of the neck. He puts her down. She takes a couple of steps away with her tail raised, then turns and sits down facing him.

"You'd probably just get captured again."

Teekl looks over to me. "Mrrrp?"

Kon follows her gaze. "Paul, tell her she can't come."

!Teekl!

Um... "Has Kaldur said anything about it?"

Teekl floats upward until she's level with Kon's face then thrusts her head forward, sniffing at him.

He moves his head back slightly. "No."

"Then I've got to be honest, Kon: I wouldn't mind having her along. Being able to see through her eyes is pretty useful. Plus, she's immortal."

Teekl puts her right forepaw on Kon's nose. He stands his ground. "But I told the sphere it had to stay here."

"The sphere doesn't have any weapons and can't fly. And I don't think either of us understand what it says well enough to get useful intelligence reports."

"What weapons does Teekl have?"

I wince inwardly as Teekl rotates her head slightly to the side. Kon, you had to say it.

"Ow!"

I follow Teekl and Kon into the bioship, Kon touching his face where Teekl clawed him to see whether or not she's drawn blood. I don't think she has. I didn't even know that Teekl could hurt someone as tough as Kon. I had sort of assumed that the reason I have trouble fighting him is because I like him so much, but it's interesting to have confirmation.

"Stupid cat."

Kon plonks himself down in the rear left chair while Teekl flies up to... Captain Marvel?

"Hey kitty." He rubs her head, and she closes her eyes in pleasure.

"Captain. I hadn't realises that you were going to be accompanying us."

I try to make eye contact with someone who can give me a clue as to what's going on. Stupid seats facing away from the entrance... Mister.. no, Master Batson gives me a big smile.

"Oh yeah! I wanted to see how the team works, y'know, in the field."

Maybe Solomon's Wisdom only works when babies are getting cut in half? The rear door oozes closed behind me. Still haven't really got used to the noise this ship makes. Artemis appears to have decided to try my quiver, and is fiddling with the arrow release mechanism. Robin and Wallace are looking at Robin's computer, presumably reading the full mission briefing. Kaldur's looking pensive. M'gann's taken up position in the pilot seat.

!Wellbeing!

Wait. She and Kaldur were awake when I slouched off to sleep last night, and were still around when I got up. M'gann raises her hands over the control panels. I focus my mind on her.

**M'gann, one moment. Did you get any sleep last night?**

**Uh. No. I mean, with everything that was happening... Why?**

I expand the communication to Kaldur. **Aqualad, everyone on the team except me is running on very little sleep. I think it might be worth having me fly us to India while everyone else tries to get some rest in.**

**You have a concussion!**

**Had, Miss Martian. Not only did the ring repair my injuries, but according to Lantern Gardner a Human wearing a power ring can go without sleep for about two weeks without any detrimental effect. Martian concentration suffers as much as Human.**

**It would be better for every member of the team to be at their best when we arrive. Very well, Orange Lantern will fly us to our destination.**

**[Mildly reproachful affront]**

I think that last bit was just sent to me. M'gann rises from the pilot's position and takes a seat on the right side of the ship. I walk around to the right past her as I head to the pilot seat.

**[!Mine!

!Protect!

!Nurture!

!Exalt!

Friendly concern

!Mine!]**

M'gann gives me a puzzled look as I take my seat. Did I send that wrongly? Oh well, I'm sure she'll tell me later if I did. I put the box containing my lantern down by my right leg and hold out my arms to the control nodes. First, I allow the ship's senses to connect to my mind. The ship has gravity sensors, broad electromagnetic spectrum detection and radar sensitive enough to let me 'see' patterns of air pressure. Learning to connect to the ship's mind is essential to pilot the ship, that and appreciating that the ship is a living creature and needs a degree of.. compassion? Collegiality? It's sort of a cross between a simple AI and a horse, I suppose. The ship seemed to start 'liking' me after I healed it following our first fight with Klarion, and we've been on the same wavelength ever since. Connecting to the ship lets me know that local airspace is clear enough for us to launch. Second step, camouflage mode. Third step...

Ring, doors.

Compliance.

The large external doors slide open.

!Improve!

Have to see if we can get one of those optoelectronic camouflage systems for the external facing during the revisions. I hadn't bothered before because I still don't regard keeping this place secret as a realistic possibility. But I really don't want to go through another home invasion. Or a tourist swimming around the bay at an inopportune moment.

Ring, access full mission brief.

Batman's notes appear in my mind, and I use the destination to plot our flight path even as I coax the bioship smoothly into the air and into the general direction of the North Pole and the upper atmosphere. Depending on how things go, we're looking at about five hours and fifteen minutes of flying.

"What's in the box, Oh El?"

"Hm? Oh. My personal lantern."

I take a look at the rest of the mission brief. Looks like we're heading to... Oh dear. The facility is licensed as a biotech research facility. Not sure how they got authorisation to build something like that in the Valmiki National Park... I honestly just thought that, didn't I? Okay, so a fairly hefty payment to someone..? Huh, the payment was actually more or less above board. Exclusive use of a good chunk of the national park in exchange for quite a lot of money for schools and health centres. And some bribes, but on a contract that size in that part of India it isn't anything obscene. Alright, so, fair enough, but where did the money..?

Oh dear.

"Can we have a look?"

Huh? "At what?"

"The lantern."

"It's really not that interesting."

"I think it's pretty interesting. Everyone else think it's interesting?"

I return my attention to the cabin and see that everyone is looking at me, nodding. Except Teekl, who has taken position on Batson's cape-side shoulder. Ugh. I float the box up, open it and extract my lantern.

"Here."

Artemis doesn't look impressed. "I thought it'd be brighter."

"It's still recharging. Once it reaches maximum power -which probably won't be until Sunday now- it gets fairly bright."

Wallace gets up to have a closer look.

Robin looks a little uncomfortable. "Is that safe?"

"Should be. If you're worried, don't touch it or stare at the core."

"Okay."

"And if the voices come back, just let me know and I'll hit you over the head with the banishment hammer."

Wallace breathes in sharply, and takes a hurried step backward. I catch Artemis' eye and we do a simultaneous snort-laugh.

He relaxes again. "Oh, hah hah. But seriously, that can't happen, right?"

"The Ophidian communicated to me exactly once, when I spoke the oath in front of the Lantern. It didn't say anything, and all I got a general impression of where it was. I've spent a great deal of time around my lantern since A-"

No, wait, I know that Wallace knows who Alan is, but I shouldn't compromise his identity to the rest.

"Since my predecessor gave it to me. No serious ill effects that I've noticed."

M'gann looks curious. "What's the Ophidian?"

"The Embodiment of Avarice. Giant snake elemental thing made of orange light. Very dangerous."

Wallace squints with his right eye. "And.. it.. talks to you every time you say the oath?"

"Maybe. I haven't wanted to... Oh, no, I don't usually say the oath to recharge."

"Well, what do you normally say?"

I set the bioship to follow the course and then stand, right arm extended with my right hand under the lantern. My team mates -and Captain Marvel- lean forward to get a better look. I hold my left back, take a deep breath, and bring the ring forward with great solemnity to tap it against the core.

"Recharge."

They sag.

Ordinarily the bioship is not a quiet environment. We might discuss the briefing materials, share information and ideas, or just talk about any old thing to relieve tension. Today, I don't know if it's last night's attack or the presence of Master Batson, but once everyone realised that my lantern isn't all that interesting the chatter pretty much dropped off. M'gann hasn't, but she is doing a Martian relaxation meditation thing that can probably sub in for it.

I asked the ship to make a seat for Captain Marvel at the front, and he's sitting there staring out the front window with every sign of being completely enthralled. We're flying over southern Canada at the moment, but at this height you can't really see any detail. I'm trying to remember what I was like at ten years old, and I'm drawing a blank. I would have been in class eight, wouldn't I? With Mister Ford? To be honest I'm having trouble remembering the names of most of my primary school teachers.

And shouldn't he be in school today? And the others? Or is this American half term? I don't really see the point of M'gann or Kon going to school if they don't want to and I realise this mission is more urgent, but if they're going to go, shouldn't they.. go? Two days off to go to prison, and now this? Robin could probably do that GED thing and then go to some sort of business school if he wanted to join Wayne Industries at management level, but Wallace really can't afford to bunk off like this. Is this worth mentioning to Batman?

!Support goal!

It probably is. I'll send him a message when I submit my mission report.

Kaldur rises from his seat and walks over to me. I request that the ship generate him another and it bubbles up from the floor facing me. He sits. "Have you had a chance to read the briefing papers?"

I nod. "Yes. Well, I've had the ring tell me what's on them. Same difference."

"Then you are aware of who owns the facility."

I grimace for a moment. "Yeah. Thing is, the site is being rented completely legally, and if Hamilton Hill wandered over the boundary by mistake or just decided to ignore it, they haven't necessarily done anything illegal."

"It would hardly be the first time a LexCorp subsidiary was involved in criminal wrongdoing."

"Sure, if it were just a subsidiary. But I took a look at the corporate structure, and it isn't. Valmiki Biotech is owned by Alexander Luthor personally. That's... Weird. More weird than a Gorilla with a machine gun on the wrong continent to be honest with you."

"He paid for it himself?"

"Nearly all of it, out of his own pocket."

"Do you think it could be something he doesn't want to show up in company reports?"

I think for a moment. "No. If that was all it was he could find some other way to hide it. By owning it like this, anything we find is directly connected to him. That's a huge risk, and I just... It doesn't make sense! He knows the League's after him, and having an ape gun down the Mayor of Gotham is... Stupid. And Lex Luthor is not stupid."

Kaldur looks down for a moment. "You do not think he might merely have become overconfident?"

It's not impossible... But I shake my head. "If that was likely to happen, it would have happened already."

He nods. "You are most likely correct."

"It's still worth investigating. Something's going on. We might have to actually be stealthy this time, though."

He says nothing for a moment, and I take a look around. Artemis appears to be doing the sensible thing, equipment on the floor, leaning back into her chair with her eyes closed. Kon's staring at Teekl, who has abandoned Marvel to curl up on the floor against his leg. Robin's reading something on his personal computer while Wallace just looks bored.

"I have been meaning to ask: how are you coping with yesterday's events?"

"Oh, trying to stay busy. I wasn't the one stuck in a cage of fire."

He shakes his head slightly. "Your injuries were more severe. I was concerned when you ran from the room after the Justice League arrived."

"I had to get the ring back." I draw my hands away from the interface and tap the ring with my right index finger. "No good to anyone without it. And I'm fine, now. Plus, I pretty much fixed the whole underbelly of the base after the Red Bonfire robot wrecked it."

"I suppose. But that is not why I asked. How do you feel?"

"Getting your arse kicked is supposed to feel bad. Most productive thing I can do is work out how to stop it happening again. Spent the morning going over the design schematics with Lantern Stewart. I mean, it's supposed to be easy to be wise after the fact, so we'd look pretty silly if we didn't make it impossible for anyone else to do what the robots did."

"I look forwards to seeing the outcome of your work."

!Nurture!

"Kaldur, were you awake all night as well?"

"I am responsible for the team. I could hardly leave to take a nap while the League was on site."

"Alright, but we've got... four hours and forty minutes before you need to do anything. You might want to think about it."

"Thank you for your concern, but I will be fine." He stands.

"Apropos of nothing, I can synthesise a tranquiliser that affects Atlanteans, you know."

"That.. will not be necessary."

"Alright."

He walks back to his seat, and I tell the ship to reabsorb the one he just vacated. As he sits down, my communicator beeps. Odd. I tap the earpiece, and hear Artemis' voice.

"Hey, I was wondering. Were you serious, when you said you could give people super powers?"

Looking over to her I can't even see her lips moving. If I'd been asked, I'd have said that she were most likely asleep. I try to respond in kind.

"Yes, completely. I haven't tried either formula on a baseline Human yet, but I can't see any reason why they wouldn't work. Interested?"

"Maybe. Fighting those robots would have been a lot easier if I was strong enough to punch them in half."

!Enhance!

"Well, um, I'll give you whatever information you need to make a decision. I'll need your mother to sign something before I do it, of course."

"What's the downside?"

"You'd be barred from most professional sports. I don't know if you were planning to use your archery skills competitively? You might have trouble using a normal bow in combat."

"I thought you didn't like the pointy stick launcher."

!Exalt!

"The Chinese superfunctionary Celestial Archer can put a pointy stick through a main battle tank with his bent stick. That's the sort of thing you could aim for. If you went for strength, we might be able to get someone on Themyscira to make one that you could use at that level of strength. If you're serious about this, I can start making enquiries."

"I'm not... I'll think about it."

"We are now arriving at Valmiki National Park. Valmiki National Park, our final destination. All change please."

Still in stealth mode, I bring the bioship in low over the trees. Kaldur's looking at a holographic map of the local topography for a good landing site. He wants to scout the perimeter on foot before we head to the main facility.

"Snrrkhuh. Ah!"

Wallace jerks awake and wipes the drool form his mouth as I direct the bioship to return his seat to the upright position. Robin smirks at him, then goes back to rereading the map on his arm computer. Everyone except Batson and I managed to sleep away part of the journey. Well, and Teekl too I suppose. Does she still sleep?

"Here." Kaldur expands an area of the map and points to a small clearing.

"Right oh." I accelerate the ship in the direction indicated. "Twenty seconds to landing zone."

"Artemis. Robin."

At Kaldur's direction they rise from their seats and walk to the back of the ship, attaching those bungee cord things to their belts. Since they are the sneakiest members of the team it really does make most sense for them to go down first.

!Protect!

They are a bit squishy, though. Particularly if Mallah is hanging around with a machine gun. But, can't really give them armour without ruining the whole stealth thing. A quick scan shows them both to be in perfect health. Hmm.

Ring, scan indicated drop point.

Compliance.

No, not a fat lot there. Various plants, none of them poisonous. My Dad would probably have loved this, actually. Maybe not in the dark, I suppose, but this would really be his thing during the day. I wonder how different the 'normal' plants on this world are to how they were back home? Purely academic interest, as aside from that time I went a bit overboard growing cress when I was at Secondary School I've never been one for plants. No large animals around, and no man made devices. I bring the ship directly over the drop zone and halt it there.

"Opening rear door now."

The slime sound again, and from the outside I hear the noise of moving air. The smell of forest and the feel of the slightly higher humidity and temperature follow a moment later. There's little wind, and I can hear the sound of insects and... birds, I think? Or maybe Monkeys? Through the ship's senses I see Robin and Artemis hit the ground and ready weapons before doing a quick sweep of the jungle. A moment later Robin double taps his comm to signal all clear and I bring the ship down.

The rest of the team rise and walk toward the rear door, Captain Marvel leading the way. Wallace brings up the rear and takes a moment to stretch himself. Teekl sits on the ground behind them and cocks her head to the side, listening to the strange new sounds. I wonder if she's ever been to a proper forest before?

I'm walking softly through the great forest as strange things flap overhead. My witch-sight lets me see in the pitch black of the canopy, but I am far from the largest hunter here and I am a long way from safe-home.

Teekl turns her head to fix me with her eyes as I blink heavily. She hasn't shown me many memories since becoming a construct, and most of them have been of the farm on which she was born and grew up. I think she likes having a bit of stability with regard to her place of residence. Klarion seems to have been jumping all over the place. No sightings of him since the fight at Fate's tower.

My team mates step out. Kon still takes some sort of odd pleasure in hard landings, and M'gann floats out after him. Wallace and Kaldur walk out once the ship reaches ground level.

"Thank you ship. We'll be back in a bit. Keep your camouflage up and don't go anywhere."

The bioship doesn't exactly respond, but I sort of feel a sort of sense of... acknowledgement? M'gann probably gets more precise feedback. I withdraw my hands and rise to my feet.

"Come along then Teekl. Best foot forward."

"Foot?"

She floats up into the air and heads out of the ship. Hah. I pick my lantern up in my right hand and head out into the dark. The others have already switched their uniforms into their stealth colorations. Odd, in a way; my uniform is the most stealth friendly by default, but the orange glow makes complete stealth impossible. At present, the sigils are glowing weakly but otherwise my environmental shield isn't glowing at all.

!Danger!

Sort that out quick enough. There, strong enough to take a rocket propelled grenade without flinching, not so bright as to broadcast our location. I doubt that much will happen between now and the... eighteen? Eighteen minutes until I can recharge and it's not as if... thirty five percent charge with a power ring isn't exactly bad.

"...Lantern is low on power, he will remain here with the ship and monitor the environment for hidden threats. Everyone else, pair off. Kid Flash, you and Robin take the western approach. Superboy, you and Miss Martian approach from the north-east. Artemis and I will come up from the south."

I approach from the rear of the arc of my team as Kaldur hands out assignments. Wallace and Robin high five each other when they are assigned to work together. Having me stay back and observe is one of my standard roles, the other being hanging around Kaldur so that he can keep track of everything.

"Remember: we are here to gather information, and ideally should remain unseen. If you are unable to approach the complex without being spotted, pull back and wait for orders. Any questions?"

Wallace waves his left hand in the air. "So, what'd'you think Luthor's doing in there, anyway?"

Kaldur thinks for a moment. "We do not know for certain that anything untoward is happening at all. The injuries that have been reported could simply be the actions of an overly enthusiastic security detail."

"Pff, yeah. But seriously. Killer robots? Hallucinogenic gas? Bioweapons?"

I decide to step in. "Pointless, he's already got it, too risky for too little reward."

He turns his head to look at me. "Come on, Oh El. A secret base in the middle of a jungle-"

"A national park, and the research centre is public knowledge."

"-full of creepy scientists-"

I spread my hands apart and create an image of the main building appears. "Looks like two scientists, at the moment."

"-and all of it funded by Lex Luthor!"

"You know he's never been convicted of anything, right?"

He crosses his arms at me for ruining his fun. "So you saved him from a missile attack, and suddenly you're best friends."

"No, but he's not going to do something supervillainy where it would obviously be traced back to him. And if you damage anything on camera, he will come after you for compensation."

Captain Marvel raises a hand. "Where do you want me?"

"Since we have not trained with you, and since your uniform lacks a stealth mode, I think it would be best if you remained here with Orange Lantern. We will contact you when we reach the facility. Miss Martian, please establish the telepathic link."

I wave my right hand and establish the monitors as the others disappear into the bushes. The monitor can 'see' through solid objects, so keeping track of them even in quite dense foliage presents no difficulty. Scanning the whole forest doesn't bear thinking about. I mean, I'd try, but the fact is that keeping track of every potential source of danger in an area this size isn't something I could do for any length of time. I've told the ring to draw my attention to anything that represents an immediate threat.

"Um, do you know why they didn't want me along?"

Captain Marvel looks a little dejected.

"I wouldn't take it personally, sir. Takes a little while to gel with a new group. Wasn't exactly Mister Popular myself when I turned up at the mountain unannounced."

Thank you Batman. I've still got no idea why he didn't just tell them that there'd be a couple of extra members joining. Kon was fine with me after we went through that ridiculous telepathic hallucination courtesy of a G-Gnome, but I don't think Robin or Wallace fully accepted me until Santa Prisca. M'gann says that my ring generated telepathic baffles are now good enough now that a G-Gnome shouldn't be able to do that again. I'm just glad that Kon didn't tell anyone about me trying to put an axe construct through the Joker's face.

Through Napier's face. Don't mythologise.

"You don't have to call me 'sir', you know."

"As a League member, you outrank me. Teekl, could you..."

Oh, she's wandered off. I close my eyes and focus for a moment. She's not far away.

Teekl, stay alert. Warn me if anything approaches.

I feel the amused contempt of her reply, but she keeps feeding me a little of what she's experiencing.

"Oh! Don't worry about that. You can call me by my name if you want."

My team mates appear to be making reasonable progress. I bring up an area map with our objective near the centre.

"Thank you William. My name's on file, feel free to use it." I turn from the monitors to look directly at him. "I can't say it mys-."

Captain Marvel's face is completely still, his mouth slightly open and eyes wide in surprise. Maybe I shouldn't have said that, but I've got as far as I can researching Black Adam and it's William's input I need now.

"Ah, my name's not 'William', it's 'Captain Marvel'."

I guess Solomon wasn't much of an actor. "I can call you that if you want, but-"

Anyone or anything around? No? Good.

"-your name is William Frederick Batson."

He opens his mouth and closes it a couple of times. "Is not."

Ah, why not? "Is too."

He turns to the side, and does the worst impression of someone trying to look nonchalant I've ever seen.

"I don't know what you're talking about."

"Your transformation doesn't change your genetic structure. Plus, your Captain Marvel form is basically a slightly more muscular version of your father. If it's any consolation, I know pretty much everybody's secret identity. Hard to keep secrets from a power ring."

He turns back to me, looking as if I just caught him creeping in after curfew. He's slightly hunched, a noticeable contrast to his usual chest thrust out pose.

"You haven't told anyone, have you?"

"No, and I don't intend to. Most League members choose to keep their identities secret from each other. Really, it was quite impolite of me to pry, so, sorry about that."

He recovers a little as the prospect of being found out by the adults retreats. Haven't really investigated his background, though I know a sixty five year old man by the name of Dudley Dudley is his legal guardian. I can only assume that the man had shockingly unimaginative parents.

"It's okay. So... how's the mission going?"

I expand the screens and spin them around to face him. "Aqualad and Artemis are heading up the river. Making reasonable time." I rotate to the next screen. "Superboy and Miss Martian are going over the grasslands, and Robin and Kid Flash are heading through the denser woodlands. Assuming they maintain their present pace, they should get to the research facility just before my lantern finishes charging."

"Does it look like they'll need any help from me?"

"Couldn't say. I don't see any immediate threats. Um, listen, I wanted to ask you something."

"What is it?"

"What do you know about Black Adam's history?"

He thinks for a moment. "Black Adam? He used to have my job, until he turned evil and took over Kahndaq. Then, his gods-"

"Can we assume that I know of the existence of the wizard Shazam?"

He's less shocked, but still surprised. "How do you know about him?"

"Research. I went to Black Adam's tomb. The hieroglyphs aren't flattering."

Don't think I'll tell him that I've already read one version of events. Black Adam obviously had some loyal followers at that point, and the surviving images made it clear that they hated Shazam for what he did to their hero.

"Well, okay. About five thousand years ago the wizard found a man he thought was virtuous enough to use the power of Kahndaq's gods for good. He gave him the stamina of Shu, the strength of Hershef, the power of Amon, the wisdom of Zehuti, the speed of Anpu and the courage of Menthu. Basically the same powers as I've got, but from different sources. But then rather than use them for good he used them to kill his pharaoh and take over the country, so the wizard took them away again." He shrugs. "I don't know how he's still alive now, but all he seems to want do is fight people. Me, usually."

"May I ask where you heard that version?"

"From the wizard." He frowns. "Wait. What do you mean, that version?"

"Have you checked it against other sources? I mean, I don't believe that people just 'turn evil'."

His frown deepens slightly, and then the boy is gone and the man returns. "Do you know something? Black Adam isn't someone you should play around with."

I push the screens to one side. "When I scan you, the ring detects you as you naturally are."

I create a model of William Batson in his standard apparel. I leave it a moment before waving it away.

"About a month ago I scanned Black Adam -from a very safe distance, I should add-, I saw this."

The glowing orange figure of Theodore Adam sneers at us. He's wearing jeans and a short sleeved shirt, though that's an addition of mine based on the pictures I saw of the dig at which Clarence and Marilyn Batson were killed and he was 'abducted by bandits, but managed to escape'. Officially, he's in the clear, as he was very definitely injured and some distance away from the dig site when the other members of the dig crew caught up with him. The ring can calculate his 'correct' appearance despite his magic induced change, but it's got no idea what he'd be wearing if he changed back.

"Now, if we add a little muscle..."

The Theodore Adam image swells. The chest expands, arms and legs grow and neck broadens. Pointy ears aside, the likeness is obvious. I look to Captain Marvel with my eyebrows raised as he continues to stare at the projection.

"Black.. Adam..."

"I always thought his skin was a bit pale for a Khandaqi. Particularly one from his era."

"That's Theodore Adam. He was on the dig with my parents when-." His eyes dip for a moment. "It was him. It wasn't thieves..!"

"Probably not, but we should check before-."

"Did..! Do you think the wizard knew about this?!"

His fists are balled, his muscles pulled tight. I think I should have planned this better. I wiggle my right index finger and the image of Mister Adam dissipates and the screens zip back in front of me.

"I've got no idea. He might, but I don't see what he would gain by keeping it from you. Not like it hurts him to give you more reason to want to beat Black Adam."

A quick look shows that nothing much has changed with my team mates. Kaldur's moving down a slope at the side of a short waterfall while Artemis stands watch at the top, arrow on string. M'gann-.

**We've found the place where Mayor Hill was attacked.**

I increase magnification. Though any footprints would have long since been eroded by wind, monsoon rain, and the movements of other animals I can see bullet casings and dropped equipment. Which makes even less sense. If this was a Lex Luthor job, he would never have left physical evidence on site. Or survivors. I can only assume someone's either being very stupid, or panicked.

Kon bends down to pick up a slouch hat. It has several bullet holes. **Definitely a struggle here. Don't know if their attacker was a Monkey though.**

Aqualad pauses at the bottom of the slope, water bearers drawn as Artemis follows him down. We still haven't got the water armour to a stage where either of us would be comfortable taking it on a mission.

**Survey the area, and then proceed to the objective."

M'gann's shapeshifting clothing makes carrying extra equipment rather difficult, but Kon's followed my lead in keeping a few useful bits and pieces on him. He pulls out a small camera to start recording, but then stops and straightens up.

**M'gann, do you hear something?**

Huh?

Ring, what exactly-?

Ah, heck.

**Superboy, Miss Martian, two elephants heading your way. I'm reading thickened skin, augmented physique and flesh tears. It looks like someone's dosed them up on Venom Buster.**

I'm downplaying it. I didn't think that Venom Buster had existed for all that long, and yet the male Elephant has significantly altered tusks, with a second prong coming off about half way along. I sort of understand the whole thing becoming bigger, but shouldn't an additional structure have to grow from scratch? And aren't tusks basically teeth? That makes no sense. What makes even less sense is that both elephants have spines growing through their skin. Mister Flinders didn't show any significant dental anomalies or spine growth. Maybe the elephants are allergic or something? And I didn't think female elephants had tusks.

**Doesn't look so good for your buddy Luthor now, does it Oh El?**

**Well, we are trespassing.**

**Testing drugs on an endangered species?**

**I wouldn't want to try poaching something like that.** Ah, that's interesting. **Superboy, Miss Martian, be advised that the Elephants are wearing some sort of electronic collar. I can't tell exactly what its doing, but-.**

Kon crouches as the first Elephant -the male- crashes its way through the trees at the edge of the forest. Seeing it there with Kon gives me a much better idea of size; it's grown a lot since getting injected. Is it..? Yes, roughly in proportion to Mister Flinder's own growth. Kon leaps directly at it's head, swinging his fist directly at its forehead before pushing off with both legs. Oh dear. Kon is a great deal stronger than Mister Flinders now, and if he isn't careful he could end up making Asian Elephants even more endangered. The Elephant staggers back a couple of paces, then recovers enough to grab Kon's leg with its trunk and swings him into a tree, which splinters on impact. The female Elephant chooses that moment to emerge from the woodland as well. M'gann takes to the air and presumably goes invisible as the female Elephant slows from lumbering charge to a trot, swinging her head from side to side as she searches for her target.

This is pretty out of character behaviour for Elephants.

**Miss Martian, do you require assistance?**

Kon pushes the fallen tree away and gets back to his feet. **We're fine, Aqualad.**

The male Elephant sees him and accelerates, trying to trample him. The female is still on the lookout for M'gann, who is now directly above her, just behind her head.

**Aqualad, I'm in position to destroy the collar.**

**Do it.**

She raises her arms. The collar buckles and shatters and its wearer stumbles to a halt. Right, that seems under control, what's happening with-.

!Kon!

No, I should keep watching the fight in progress. They might need my help. The male Elephant catches up with Kon and brings its right foreleg down hard. He catches it at the foot, and braces himself as the Elephant trumpets and leans forward, bringing as much weight to bear as it can. Kon strains, bending slightly, then turns and shoves the upper part of the Elephant's leg sideways. Already overextended, the Elephant falls to the side with a trumpeted cry of distress. Kon's on it as soon as it crashes down, sticking a hand through the material of the collar and tearing it off before jumping back. The male Elephant jerks and shakes his head for a moment, before rolling upright and clamping back onto his feet.

The Elephants look around, then at each other. Then they both turn and walk away. Kon watches them go.

**The collars are gone, and so are the Elephants. Guess they must have been controlling them somehow.**

Good good. Now, what's happening with-.

**Kaldur, watch out!**

A Venom Buster enhanced Crocodile explodes from the water next to Kaldur, its jaws wide!

Kaldur reacts instantly, catching the jaws and straining to keep them apart! The sheer strength of the Crocodile pushes him back away from the water as Artemis draws her bow.

Ring, any other Croc-?

Oh, poo.

**Artemis, another behind you! Move away-!**

She's already in motion as the second Crocodile erupts from the water straight up into the air. Even as it snaps at her she's lunging forward, twisting as she falls to land on her back and bring her bow to bear. As the Crocodile shoots upward she sights and looses, the explosive arrow hitting the monster of a reptile in the neck.

**Aqualad, it'll be easier to hold its jaws shut than keep them open.**

**If I were not... Between them... I would certainly.. heed.. your.. advice.**

Oh. Yeah.

Kaldur strains as the Crocodile tries to push forward. It's far more massive than he is but it doesn't look as though it's able to bring that force to bear efficiently in a straight up pushing contest.

**Do you want my help?**

I'd actually forgotten that Captain Marvel was there.

**Nah, we got this.**

Artemis rises to a crouch, aims, draws and looses at the first Crocodile. If she could hit the second Crocodile in the air while on her back a stationary target certainly presents no challenge. The blast breaks the collar and.. it's still attacking? Of course it's still attacking, it's a predator grappling with something mouth sized.

Ring, time to recharge?

Six minutes remaining.

Current power level?

Thirty four percent power remaining.

**Looks like we got giant Vultures to go with the Elephants! Still think Luthor's not up to something?**

**How many Vultures?**

**Three. No, four!**

!Must help team must help team!

I try and split my attention between the two screens. Robin and Wallace are running through the forest, pursued by four truly huge birds.

**I can be there in half a second.**

**Trying to work here, Oh El.**

**Artemis?**

**We got this!**

She sprints to just behind Kaldur and looses another arrow directly into the Crocodile's open throat. I see a plume of some sort of gas, and the shock spurs it into more aggressive action. It yanks its head violently from left to right, pulling Kaldur off the ground and flinging him aside. Before he can rise it charges forward again, only to be met by another gas arrow which strikes it directly between the eyes. It roars in confusion and then turns violently around, narrowly missing a rapidly retreating Artemis with its tail. It then scuttles forward, back into the water. Kaldur recovers his water bearers from where he dropped them when it first attacked and watches the water to make sure that it's gone.

**The Crocodiles have retreated. Robin, Kid Flash, status report.**

I watch on the monitor as Wallace dashes up a tree and then somehow spin dashes Sonic the Hedgehog style off the top to knock a Vulture out of the sky. I open another screen on Robin as he ducks under a thick root, forcing the Vulture that was swooping down on him to evade.

**We can manage!**

!Bad match up!

**Aqualad, they can't strike back effectively. I can get there, shoot the collars and get back without any trouble.**

A Vulture makes another dive at Robin, who jumps at the tree truck, pushes off into a back flip and strikes the bird in the neck as it passes. A moment later a small detonation removes the collar.

**We can manage!**

Shadows moving through the trees. Furry-men! Surrounded! Run!

Teekl? Ring, apart from the Vultures, anything Venom Bustered up near my team mates?

No threats in requested category detected.

Oh, no. I'm not doing another poisoned lipstick. Ring, any advanced weapons or augmented animals -including people- within-.

Teekl bursts from the underbrush like a cat out of hell. Her fur's on end, her eyes are wide and I can feel her panic in the empathic feedback. She climbs up my left leg and my back with her claws extended and curls herself around my shoulders, shaking.

**Hate to be a bother, but I think Captain Marvel and myself are about to receive company. One moment.**

Ring?

Standard scan detects no threats.

Infra red oh hell.

Venom Buster enhanced Monkeys run in from all directions. Two leap straight from the trees and latch onto my chest as Teekl goes into a hissing spitting frenzy in my ear.

Armour!

The plates form, but the Monkeys still hold on! One tries yanking my right arm, trying to either remove my lantern or the arm itself. The other tries to bite my face, and gets slashed by Teekl for its trouble.

!Safety!

Get away! Two orange force beams strike them in the chests and shove them off, but the rest are getting closer. Height! I fly directly upwards and I immediately feel grateful that they aren't flying Monkeys. I lost my monitor screens in my scramble to get away, but I'm sure the others can handle themselves for a moment.

Ring, turret autofire. Aim for the collars only.

I'm about twenty metres up as two Goldeneye-style gatling turrets materialise at the end of orange tethers attached to my hips. Immediately they swivel and begin firing off single shots. I see Monkeys drop as their collars are shot, then scrabbling to their feet and fleeing from the noise. This turret design fires real ammunition from my subspace pocket, but with their enhancements the Monkeys should be able to withstand it without being harmed themselves.

I look over at Captain Marvel. The Monkeys seem to have focused on him. He's buried beneath them, arms pinned in place. I turn a turret in his direction and two shots later his head is clear as the newly liberated primates throw themselves off. He takes a moment to look around, and then flies straight into the ground hard. Then he goes up, turns over and slams down again. Most Monkeys lose their grip at that point and he takes hold of the rest one by one and snaps off their collars. He remains low to the ground, baiting our remaining assailants. Without their full numbers and with no way to close the distance faster my turrets soon finish off all of the collars.

"Captain, are you injured?"

He checks himself over. "No."

He bends down to pick up a broken collar with his right hand. He gives it a look over, then crushes it.

"What sort of person would do that to a defenseless Monkey?"

**Orange Lantern to Aqualad. Venom Buster enhanced Monkeys beaten off, no damage sustained. Resuming overwatch.**

Kaldur and Artemis have resumed their journey. Kon and M'gann are finishing up their survey. Mayor Hill mentioned seeing some sort of trap stun a Tiger at the bottom of the hill, so they're going to have a look there once they're done. Robin and Wallace appear to have evaded the Vultures. The birds are flying around the general area, but they can't follow them into the denser foliage and have lost track of them.

Teekl has calmed down a bit, but she's still sticking close to me. I'm not really sure why she was so scared.

With nothing else to focus on, I float one of the more intact collars over to me. I look on the inside and, yes, there it is. I'm getting bloody tired of seeing anti-scry wards on everything.

**Orange Lantern to Aqualad. I think we're rumbled.**

**Explain.**

**The collars the Monkeys were wearing had scry wards. The collars the other animals were wearing didn't. That suggests that the Monkeys were sent after me specifically.**

**It also means that we cannot guarantee that your scans are accurate with regard to potential threats.**

**Not at range, no. Close up I can just use infrared or optical scans.**

**How long until you are able to recharge?**

Ring?

Four minutes remaining.

**Four minutes. But I can just bring the lantern with me. It's not that fragile.**

** We will manage for four minutes. Are there any further threats in your immediate vicinity?**

Ring, full scan this time.

It doesn't reply, but instead expands my senses. Nothing much. Looks like everything got scared away by the Monkeys.

**No.**

**Very well. Artemis and I will proceed to the research center. Kid Flash, Robin, have you successfully evaded the Vultures?**

I see Kid Flash put on his goggles and take a look around.

**Looks like.**

**Then proceed to the objective. Superboy, Miss Martian.**

**Ugh...**

!Kon!

I'm rising into the air, but stop when Captain Marvel lays a hand on my shoulder.

"I.. thought.. Aqualad wanted you to stay here."

"Kon's in tro-."

**We found the trap that caught the Tiger, but it was still active. Some sort of paralysis field. Miss Martian took it out with telekinesis.**

And I float back down. Of course. Kon and M'gann are probably the duo least in danger.

"Look, Orange Lantern, I know you wanna help-."

"Sorry Captain, one moment." **Superboy, is the trap more or less intact?**

**Yeah?**

**And it just paralysed you?**

I bring a screen to bear. I see three devices which look like miniature Tesla coils. One has been snapped off near the base, and the other two are inactive.

**I think so. Why?**

**Lantern Stewart was less than enthusiastic about my idea of using red sun plasma weapons for the mountain's internal defences. Could be he'll find something like that less objectionable.**

There's a moment of silence, then it isn't Kon who responds.

**You're building red sun plasma weapons?**

**Red sun is a bit of a misnomer, Robin, but basically yes.**

**Isn't red sunlight one of the only things that can hurt Kryptonians?**

**Well, it disrupts the functioning of Kryptonian photoreceptive organelles, it's not exactly... You know that white light thing I use on Superboy sometimes? Sort of the opposite of that. And, it's just as good as the green sort against other targets. I constructed them from the eyes of Ivo's MONQIs.**

**I thought you handed those over to the Metropolis PD?**

**I only handed over the green ones. Didn't think putting anti-Kryptonian weapons in Metropolis was a good idea. Wait, why is this a surprise? You all saw me using one in Bialya.**

**Didn't realise that's what it was.**

**Why do you have anti-Kryptonian weapons anyway?!**

Kon, it's not for you... **So the rest of you would have a chance if we were attacked by Kryptonians.**

**What Kryptonians!**

**I don't know! I don't know, but if it's even slightly possible that we might get attacked by them, I'm going to make bloody sure that-!**

No, no, calm down.

**I'm going to make sure that we are capable of defending ourselves. I don't think such an attack is likely, but until yesterday I didn't think an attack by element controlling robots was particularly likely either. Kon, with your Danner formula augmentations you're less susceptible to them than a full blooded Kryptonian, but by my calculations someone like-** I don't know that General Zod exists here. **- like any other Kryptonian would go down hard.**

So long as the auto-tracking was good enough to hit him. I'm not sure exactly how good Superman's reactions are...

**The rest of us?**

**Artemis, I am perfectly capable of replicating the effect with the ring. Do you have a kryptonite gas arrow?**

**W-? No. You're being ridiculous.**

**If we'd had EMP emitters installed-!**

**This is not relevant to the mission.**

Kaldurs voice hits me like a cold damp flannel. On a mission. Deal with the mission. Don't get distracted. I should know this. I should know this.

**Orange Lantern, we will discuss your preparations at another time. Superboy and Miss Martian, continue on to the objective. We can recover the trap on the way back.**

About a minute left before I can recharge. I've created a small platform for the Lantern in the middle of the screens and I'm staring at it. I've seen it at each charge level, but I've never actually seen it go from no charges to one charge. Should be interesting.

I've already scouted out the route for my team mates to the research centre. Nothing much there that I can see. Even yanked a satellite just in case, but I couldn't really see much. Since I've got thirty three percent power to burn that'll just get wasted in a moment I mapped out the remaining trap locations and forwarded the map to each duo. Took another percentage point to get the designs of the trap components from here, but they're just too useful to ignore.

Teekl's gone back to the bioship.

"Um, are you okay?"

"Will be in a minute."

"Kind of creepy, the way you're staring at it."

I lower the lantern and make eye contact with him. "Better?"

He smiles at me. "Look, I know it's hard when your team leader puts you on the bench. When I first joined the League, Batman had me just standing around the Watchtower a bunch of times while the others were out on missions. But you gotta trust that they know what they're doing, keeping you in reserve for when they most need you, or to cover for an attack they weren't expecting."

"Captain, that's really not my problem. I mean, I think I'm being underutilised and I'm not really sure that Aqualad understands the strategic or tactical implications of FTL travel, but it's his decision to make and I respect that."

"Okay, so, what is the problem?"

My eyes drop for a moment. "How d'you..? How do you know that you're using the powers the wizard gave you properly? I mean, in the most effective way?"

"When he first gave them to me, the wizard showed me statues of the Enemies of Man, and talked to me about how I'd overcome each of them. I guess he thinks that it's best to give powers to good people and then trust them to make the right choices."

Not a bad way to go about it, as far as to goes. But... "Yeah, but he thought the same thing about Black Adam. How do you continue to know that you're worthy?"

"Well the wizard would probably tell me if I wasn't. I guess you can't know, not for sure. But you're doing okay, aren't you? Why are you worried about it?"

"Have you ever considered.. just.. not bothering to be Billy Batson? I mean, by every objective measure your Captain Marvel form is superior. It wouldn't be that hard for someone to set you up a fake civilian identity. Have you ever thought about what you could do for the world applying the Wisdom of Solomon to, I don't know, medical research?"

"Giving up being me?" He shakes his head slowly. "No, I couldn't do that. I'd go crazy trying to be Captain Marvel all the time. Maybe I will end up using Solomon's Wisdom for more things. At the moment I'm just glad to do what I can."

I'm feeling a little.. I don't know. Drained, maybe? "They weren't even particularly tough robots. If I'd bothered to create a single EMP gre-."

The cracks on the surface of the lantern glow and pulse like a quickening heartbeat, growing brighter with each repetition. The pulses radiate away from the orange lava lamp core, where strands of white and different tones of orange twist and swirl faster and faster. Ah, here we go! One last pulse, and the vibrant orange colour remains throughout all of the cracks. Nothing else for a moment, and then the whole of the lantern begins to glow orange and the near-grey panels shift to dull orange. One last surge of orange light, and the core calms down at its new brighter power state.

"First capacitor charge complete. Ring recharge available."

It's beautiful, really. Almost a shame to discharge it. Not that it'll stop me. I raise it back up and hold out my ring. Certainly don't need the Ophidian's help with this mission, thank you very much.

Mine.

I bring the ring forward to just in front of the core and hold it there for a moment, wispy strands of avaricious energy moving between the lantern, ring, and my hand. They're probably an indicator that the lantern is in a poor state of repair, but I find them even more entrancing than a proper plasma ball.

"Recharge."

The strobing arcs merge into a single beam and intensify, pouring all my wonderful power into the ring. Oh YES! By the time it finishes I'm actually shuddering. With relief? Pleasure? The removal of fear? I'm not really sure. Colour's drained from the lantern again. I take hold of it with my right hand, and flex my left.

"Ring charge at one hundred percent."

!Yes!

"That's what I like to hear. To quote Revolver Ocelot, I'm alive again!"

"That was... Strange..."

"I'll just go and put this in the bioship. Don't go anywhere."

I drop to the ground and walk over to where I know the ship to be. Don't want to waste power looking at it while it's cloaked, after all. I lay my left hand on the hull and the doorway oozes open. I call the parts of the lantern's box over even as I start to walk in, and place it within. Teekl's curled up on the pilot's seat.

"Teekl, look after this." She opens her eyes and stretches her legs and claws out as I put the box under the seat. Should I..? It's probably best practice, I suppose. "Lantern, occlude." The box fades from existence. I straighten up and give Teekl a quick head scratch with my right hand and then exit the ship again, the door flowing shut behind me. **Aqualad, I'm recharged and ready for action. Where do you want me?**

**We are still some distance from the research centre.**

**I can hunt down other collared animals if you want? Or fly high above the facility, make sure everything's where the plans say they should be? If no one spotted me on Santa Prisca there's no way anyone here's going to spot me. Or I could collect up all of the trap units? They're dangerous and they're evidence.**

"Are your eyes supposed to be doing that?"

"What? Oh, yes, it's a lantern thing. Look at the Greenies' eyes when they're not wearing their rings sometimes."

Marvel looks sceptical. I suppose he might just have assumed that Jordan had green eyes, but Stewart? Can black people even have green eyes?

...

Was that a massively racist thing to think? I didn't mean have as in 'permitted'...

"They don't usually look like that."

**Can you not run scans from your current location?**

**Not reliably if they're using scry wards.**

**Very well. Take up position well above the research centre, but do not reveal your position and do not use faster than light travel to get there.**

**No problem.**

I remove my construct armour and dim my environmental shield. These days my minimum is much stronger than it was when I started out. Feels even stronger than it was yesterday, for some reason.

**Should I go with him, Aqualad?**

**No, Captain.** He sags a little. **It would be more helpful if you could recover the trap Superboy and Miss Martian destroyed and return the parts to the bioship. You can rejoin us when we start the main attack.**

I think I'm flying faster, too. Maybe getting attacked like that has helped me focus on the important things? Was I getting complacent? Maybe I was trying to tech up too early and got Zergling rushed. Or maybe Dark Templar rushed. Those robots were probably too great a commitment of resources to be comparable to Zerglings.

!TeamNeedPosition!

I'm not even glowing visibly as I pierce the canopy and rise into the clear Indian sky. This country has no central government organised metahuman program, so it's not as if I have to worry about someone local intercepting me and that's the only thing that could realistically interfere. Probably a few hedge wizards or mystics in the state, but though those can still be dangerous -ask anyone who's had a run in with John Constantine- the Spell Eater should keep me safe.

From this height I can see the edges of the forest. I adopt what I realise is Per Degaton's flying stance. A bit like Black Adam's, but rather than folding your arms across your chest you clasp them behind your back. No swimming position here, no siree. With nothing much to concentrate on I look toward the ground and quickly scan for more Venom Buster enhanciles. Ooh, that's a nontrivial number. All collared as well.

**Captain, there's a Venom Buster enhanced Tiger in your vicinity. About thirty metres west south west from the trap.**

**Thanks for the heads up! I'll get that collar off the poor kitty.**

**Just remember, that won't necessarily stop it attacking.**

That should be high enough. I start moving forward, any air resistance utterly humbled by the power of the ring.

**Robin, initiating transmission of the locations of all enhanced animals to you now.**

**Thanks, Oh El.**

Hmm. Might be able to hit the Vultures' collars from here, but given the time to target and the need for concealment... I don't think that their necks would survive the force a railgun would exert. Ah well, once we've found out what's going on at the research station I can go back and remove the collars and Venom Buster both. I'm a completionist at heart.

Right, I've pretty much got line of sight to the research centre itself now. Accessing computers. The two scientists I detected earlier are listed as Doctor Arnold Munro and Doctor Niang Guan Jun, and they're both wearing collars similar to those the animals are wearing. No other personnel present that I can detect, though internal computers have user profiles for several more researchers and security guards. No sign of them. Interesting. Oh, hang on... No, not detecting any Human remains. That would have been a downer. Several areas of the base are warded and shielded. Not perfectly as far as the ring is concerned, but I can't get a perfect read on them. Some sort of animal pens? The facility itself is part top quality prefab and what looks like it was once a visitors' centre or a group of safari cabins? I recognise a ring of the paralysis trap things on the outskirts, but that won't be hard for me to shut down.

Wait. There's a Doctor Munro working at a place surrounded by mutant animals? Hah! Oh, he must have heard that one so many times. Don't recognise his name otherwise, or Doctor Niang's. They're in one of the cabins, a little way away from the main structure. I wonder why there's so much shielding... Superman. I haven't checked, but I suppose it would be quite in character for Mister Luthor to want to make his research centres as close to Superman-proof as possible. I can force the issue, but only by sending a construct down.

Scanning around, I see a storage shed with a considerable number of sacks of what is labelled as Rat food. Venom Buster Rats? That wouldn't be fun. Are there..? No, can't pick any up. Maybe they just did some early testing on them. They could be inside, but given how big and hard to manage they would be there can't be all that many. I try accessing the original plans as well as LexCorps records, and they more or less match the buildings I'm seeing.

Quick check? Yep, got a few minutes yet. Hmm. Personnel files. According to her file, Mister Luthor poached Doctor Niang from Beijing Institute of Genomics where she worked on metahuman genetic sequencing. A little odd. I still don't really know what Mister Luthor was planning to do with this place. If the enhanced animals are intentional then I'm a bit surprised that Chinese were willing to part with someone who had her expertise. Maybe Mister Luthor has some pull there, or offered to share information derived from her work here?

Doctor Munro is an American who has supposedly spent the last few years doing something in the private sector in Brazil, but I'm having trouble finding anything to back that up. His field is the hormonal and chemical modification of farm animals. Altering growth rates, disease resistance, milk yields and behaviour. Put together, the two of them might have been able to recreate Venom Buster -or something sufficiently like it to fool me- from the descriptions that are now publically available. Maybe. I don't really know how much the conventional parts of their work would merge with the super powered parts.

If this was what Mister Luthor had in mind. If it wasn't... He does make charitable donations, both as a private citizen and on behalf of LexCorp. Not to nature charities. Art museums sometimes, but he seems to have a soft spot for museums of technology and science. So why would he bring these two scientists out here? I don't really see what he could have them do here that they couldn't more easily do somewhere else.

For a moment I consider the idea of simply phoning him and asking. It's not as if he could get someone on site fast enough to stop me finding out for myself, and it might save trouble later. Don't think Kaldur would agree with that idea, and I'm a little uncertain about it myself. It would basically be giving him proof that we were trespassing, and if we didn't find any proof of malfeasance down there things could get a bit uncomfortable.

Or maybe there's another option. It's nearly ten o'clock at night, local time. I don't see anything resembling a bed in the room both scientists are in. Or lab equipment. Looks like a kitchen unit. And the door's locked. Jolly odd. But it does have a phone.

Ring, dial the hut.

I see the two of them look around as the phone rings, and after a few seconds Doctor Munro walks over and picks it up.

"What do you want now?"

Curious. "Do I have the pleasure of addressing Doctor Munro?"

His head jerks up. "Wh-? Who is this?"

"Orange Lantern two eight one four. May I ask who you were expecting?"

"Oh, thank God. I thought it was that Brain creature again."

"Brain in a travel machine, accompanied by a Gorilla named Mallah who carries a machine gun?"

"Yeah, that's them. How did you know..?"

"The ape shot a tourist, but let him get away. Do they have any other assistants on site?"

"They've been giving some sort of mutagen to the animals-."

"Yeah, we've met those. Apart from them? Anyone intelligent? Armed guards?"

"No. Um, not that I've seen. They might have, I don't know."

"Is the Brain or the ape still on site?"

"I don't... They stuck us in this cabin when they arrived. I haven't seen them since this morning."

"How long have they been here?"

"A little over six days now."

"Thank you, Doctor. That's most helpful. Last question: what is this place actually supposed to do?"

"I'm not... I have a confidentiality agreement with Lex Luthor. I can't just-"

"Anything that might be dangerous to me and mine if we come in to rescue you. I'm not asking you for commercially sensitive information."

He's silent for a moment.

"We're working on way to augment things. Animals. Ultimately people, but we only got here ten days ago. Everything's in early stages."

And we have a motive. Mister Luthor follows through on his transhumanistic instincts, and another super villain helps himself.

"There's nothing here that the Brain.. thing.. can use right away. Even if he gets a copy of our database, we're years from anything viable."

"Thank you, Doctor. Now sit tight. Your liberation is imminent."

None of the others encountered further resistance on their final approach. Robin and Wallace move around the perimeter to link up with Kaldur and Artemis, and I relay my images to Robin's computer. Really need to see about getting the others something like that. I'm still high overhead as Kon and M'gann approach the research centre from the other direction. Captain Marvel will hopefully be joining us shortly, though he's being slowed by Kaldur's request that he fly under the level of the canopy.

I've been trying to remember anything about the Brain from the comics, and all I've come up with is that his condition was caused by Niles Caulder, leader and convener of the Doom Patrol. Bit unusual for a supervillain to have a reasonable grudge, but there we are. I remember him having a romantic relationship with Mallah, but I don't remember anything helpful like his standard armament or his real name. Without anything to work on checking which version we're dealing with in advance will be next to impossible. I'm a bit concerned about not being able to scan the interior of his travel machine, as I might not be able to identify in advance which bits are weaponry and which bits are part of the life support system.

**Miss Martian, are you able to read the minds of anyone inside the facility?**

**Just a moment...**

I feel a moment of disorientation, as if I'm looking down on the facility from the sky while simultaneously looking at each room and corridor from within.

**Sorry Aqualad. I'm just reading the two researchers.**

**Suppose if anyone was going to come up with telepathic shielding it would be a guy called the Brain.**

Apparently Wallace already knew about him. Have he and the Flash fought him before? I suppose I don't currently have any evidence that the Brain is male, anymore than I have evidence of his personal history or intentions. Batman's documentation is rather light on what exactly those 'patterns' he was studying are. Might be worth asking when we get back.

**First, we will need to take out the force field.**

**I can do that. I've taken a look at the schematics, and I can easily hit every one of those projectors from here.**

**Or I can take the field down with an arrow since, y'know, giant orange beams are a bit of a giveaway.**

**If you'd prefer, I could use a railgun.** Ring, probable consequences... Oh. **Sorry, forget the railgun idea. The rings says that the splash damage would be a bit excessive.**

To put it mildly.

**I do not think that we would be able to disguise our presence for any length of time once we make our move. And it would be best if they cannot tell which direction we are coming from.**

**Orange beams it is then.**

I had a quick go at working out how Brain... Should that be 'The Brain?' It's a bit like Flash, I'm still not sure if it should have a 'the' at the start. Let's just go with Brain, since I don't know his name. Working out how Brain and Mallah got here, but without knowing where they started from that's pretty much impossible. There's no landing pad here, so I assume they must have driven in. Hiding in a crate, then break out once the construction crew left? No idea. And I don't really know why they would still be here. Surely the sensible thing to do if stealth was impossible would be go in, grab the database and kill the residents in a way that couldn't be specifically traced back to them.

**Next, we must locate our adversaries. Orange Lantern, were the doctors able to give you any information?**

**Sorry. Doctor Munro said that unless they wanted them working on something, they tend to leave them locked up.**

**Guess it really wasn't Luthor.**

**First time for everything.**

Not Robin too. Have he and Batman been investigating Mister Luthor? I don't remember seeing anything in the files...

**I'm more worried about the fact that the Brain could be working with the League of Shadows.**

Wallace has a point. That is a bit of a worry. Luthor might have had Blockbuster on file, but Brain had to have got Venom Buster from somewhere. From Bane, via the Shadows? From Kobra? Directly from the Santa Priscan government?

**This guy's just a brain on an electric wheelchair, right? How hard is taking him down going to be?**

Kon is clearly not impressed. I'm undecided. I don't know enough about the limits of mad science here to know whether the concept is as stupid as it sounds or something brilliant. But if I don't see death rays, I'm calling him Brainitar.

**He's made weapons for every major criminal organisation on the planet, including Blacksmith's Network in Central City. And now he's got Venom Buster, plus whatever Luthor had these guys working on. Oh El, can you see any internal defences?**

**No, and I checked with the doctors; there shouldn't be any.**

**Aqualad, I can find him fastest. I'll keep him occupied until the rest of you can get there.**

**Orange Lantern, are there any animals inside the facility?**

**Rats, they said. For testing their formulae on.**

**Did they know whether or not the Brain used the Venom Buster formula on them?**

**No, sorry Aqualad. They actually said that they weren't working on Venom Buster.**

**Yeah, right. What have they been doing?**

**Kid Flash, you know how much work is involved in making sure that a new lab is properly sterile. Plus, they're team leads. They were sorting out the practical issues associated with working somewhere this isolated. They wanted everything up together when the rest of the research team gets here.**

**Where is everyone?**

**Not sure. The other researchers weren't expected to arrive for a few days yet, but security should have been here by now.**

**Good job they weren't.**

Really, Wallace? I like to think that anyone Lex Luthor employed to handle security on one of his personal projects would be competent enough to take a Gorilla and a brain in a jar. Plus, once they got up and running they could make their own defenders by dosing up guard dogs or something. And if Luthor found out about this before the League did, we'd get to find out whether a Monkey with a minigun could handle a Spetsnaz team.

**Orange Lantern, take out the force field on my signal then be ready to support Kid Flash. Kid Flash, we need a better idea of what is going on inside. If you meet with opposition, evade until the rest of us can reach you. Miss Martian and Superboy, your target is the animal holding pens. I do not want to have to deal with a swarm of Venom Buster enhanced Rats. Robin, anything you can acquire on the Brain's activities would be invaluable. Artemis, you're with me.**

No need to make this flashy I suppose. My team needs me to do this right.

Ring, target all force field emitters.

Orange target icons appear in my vision, hovering over each one. I think I'll just use beams. No need for anything fancy. **Ready on your mark Aqualad.**

**Aqualad, Superboy and I are as close to the force field as we can get.**

**Orange Lantern, go.**

WarSphere, Eliminate.

A dim orange sphere forms around me, and from it orange beams curve outwards and down to strike directly into the top of each of the force field projectors. The beams pierce them as if the field was not even there and force their way downward, wrecking their interiors and causing a shutdown.

Armour.

Might help to keep the attention of anyone watching on me. Certainly can't hurt, and we can honestly tell Mister Luthor that we're attempting to rescue his staff and recover his property. For a split second I register Wallace cross the distance from the tree line and enter the main building.

Visual imaging.

From the beams now surrounding the building probe lines project outwards, rapidly building up a picture of the shielded interior of the structure which I relay to Robin's computer. Everyone's moving now, Superboy taking the direct route through a wall with M'gann just behind. Artemis and Kaldur go in through the front entrance as Robin takes my map and shouts directions.

**Found the Brain!**

I hear gunfire.

!Help team mate!

**We are coming!**

Kaldur and Artemis are running down the main corridor as Robin heads for the server room. Fighting remotely with constructs is possible, though it's surprising how much not being able to see the results of your action first hand reduced emotional investment. I send a probe through a series of walls, near the ceiling so that I don't risk accidentally spiking anyone. I still can't see exactly where- Ah. Looks like this wasn't originally a lab. A large store room, maybe? It is now, and it's been refitted to be Brain travel machine friendly. The man himself is manipulating his equipment as Mallah keeps Wallace suppressed at the doorway with bursts of minigun fire. Wallace rolls frantically to the side as Mallah remembers that concealment does not equal cover and starts putting bullets through the weak interior wall.

No.

I transition along the probe tether into the room.

"Mallah!"

The Gorilla -wearing a lab coat for some reason- heeds his master's command and scampers back to the Brain. He moves awkwardly, keeping hold of his gun in his right hand while he uses his left to knuckle walk. The Brain rotates his travel machine in my direction as I hard scan his chassis.

"Bzzkh."

Mallah halts next to Brain, pulls something from a pouch and presses it to the ground. A shimmering aquamarine shield bubble forms over them and telemetry from my scan cuts off. I create twin buzz saw constructs and swing them at it from either side. The shield stresses slightly but holds as I start looking for the projector. Wallace dashes in and after taking a fraction of a second to catch up with events blurs up to the shield and begins punching at super speed.

Armour him.

Don't want them dropping the shield for Mallah to perforate my team mate now, do I? I can't find an external emitter, and unlike Garth Brain has had the sense to extend the shield across the floor under him.

"Magic creates interesting challenges, no? So little research of any quality, and yet it is so observably potent."

I zip over to the barrier -on the opposite side to Wallace- and thrust my right hand at it. After a second I feel the mild warmth of the Spell Eater activating, and the area of the shield around it dims noticeably. Mallah growls at me with teeth bared, and starts to raise his gun in my direction.

"No, Mallah. Our work here is done. It is time to bid them goodbye."

Wallace sneers. "Nowhere to go, Brain."

Good luck getting past me. I didn't recognise all of his internal systems, but there aren't any teleport-.

Oh heck.

Plates on the surface of Brain's chassis more aside and armatures extend outward. They form brightly glowing vertical curves along his sides. Wallace stops attacking and backs up a little. I don't know what he's trying to do.

What?

The ring picks out sigils being projected... The walls! He's projecting sigils onto the walls! The air shimmers and the barrier protecting them flattens. Shit!

Get them!

I generate a laser construct and fire it directly at the Brain's dome. I can see him, and therefore the barrier shouldn't stop visible light. Sadly, the protective magic of the barrier isn't playing by the normal rules. Plasma? No. Sonic? No. Electromagnetic flux? Small electrical discharges dance around Brain's chassis but it doesn't seem to be interfering with him to any great extent.

**Kaldur, know anything about countering magic based teleportation?**

**A little. We may be delayed. Try to keep them occupied.**

Bit late for that. Brain's arms dim and fold back into his chassis, but the lights on the wall remain in place.

"Farewell, my friend. I do hope you enjoy the little gift I have left for you."

The barrier flickers, and then leaps out to touch the runes glowing on the walls. Then things get a little strange. Space.. bends, Brain and ape being simultaneously close and far away. Around the edge of the affected area I see part of a completely different room

Sod it. I hold out my right hand.

Assimilate!

The beam flies from my right palm and shoots towards Brain, but as it reaches him it seems to slow. Come on! It looks like it's at relative stop. The bastard thing begins to roll away into the other room. I see a man with white skin and wearing red armour on the far side, his arms glowing with ghostly light. I try running after them but the air turns to rubber around me. I can't make any headway! Then the portal area begins to evaporate from the sides of the room and I step back to avoid being inside the affected area.

Aaaahh!

There's a brief increase in air pressure as the portal collapses completely. I feel cheated. Wallace just looks mystified.

"What..? What just happened..?"

"Some sort of magic based spatial distortion, I think. Some of the shapes on the walls looked a little familiar."

"The Brain's using magic? Since when?"

"I don't-! I don't know. Aagh!" A sudden shooting pain in my right arm. What?

**Brain and Mallah are gone. What's happening?**

**Paul, help!**

**M'gann, what's happening?**

**The rats! They're-!**

I get a momentary flash of the image of a giant snarling rodent, and then the connection disappears.

"M'gann!"

Wallace dashes out of the room before I can think. Another painful stab, this time in the lower part of my right leg. It's not my pain I'm feeling.

"Miss Martian, report!"

Kaldur's voice on the radio. Why is he using the radio?

!Help team mate!

**M'gann! Speak to me!**

I can't feel her! I nearly tell the ring to take me there, but I try to clamp down on the impulse. Should I should I should I-? Rats get the rats help M'gann get the rats. The orange line along which I'm generating Wallace's armour is still there transition.

He's standing in front of a sealed door, thumping it with his fists. There's a keypad next to it.

gOnE!

"Oh El, do you know-?"

Orange light flows around him and strikes the door. Brickwork crumbles around it as I shove the door backwards out of its frame.

"...or that works."

The doors hits something.

"Skreee skreee!"

A monstrous head lunges into the gap left by the door. The rat's face is bald and grey, and its eyes glow red as it frantically tries to reach us through the hole in the wall. It must have been given a dose of pure blockbuster formula, but it's grown far more than any other subject. Must be a metre and a half across at the shoulders. It backs up a little before lunging again, twisting and scrabbling with its paws as it does so.

The wall gives way, and it lunges forward and I'm wasting time!

!Help M'gann!

Wallace steps to the side and turns, bringing his right fist around at super speed and hitting it in the side of the head.

Railgun.

The Rat doesn't seem to notice anything other than the fact that two targets in its field of vision have been reduce to one. It pushes off the floor and leaps at me.

I don't much like rats.

Target the brain and fire.

The gun is shorter than the one I used on Ra's, but with a crack the Rat is knocked head over tail. Good, now let's-.

I've never heard a Rat snarl before. It rolls back onto its feet and fixes me with its glowing eyes. It's drooling. Alright.

Fire more.

It braces against the first hit, and isn't fazed. The second knocks it back almost comically while in mid-leap.

"Oh El, can you handle-?"

"Yes. Go!"

Wallace disappears into the room beyond as the Rat comes at me again. It might be big but it shouldn't be all that heavy. I clamp its tail as I activate my radio.

"Orange Lantern to Aqualad. Kid Flash and I have encountered a Blockbuster Formula enhanced Rat."

The Rat goes into a berserk frenzy, writhing from side to side and pulling with all its might against the clamp which.. breaks? What?

Oh, I'll take the answer from its cold dead corpse. Gamma beam.

The two 'barrels' of my revised gamma projection construct appear around the Rat's head. One emits the radiation and the other 'catches' it before it can go anywhere but the target. My understanding of radiology is now much better than it was when I baked Mister Hagen, and I know enough to make any radiological materials I generate safe. A ramming construct lifts the Rat off the floor and pins it to a wall by its chest. It shouldn't be able to get much in the way of leverage in that pose while I cook its brain. It struggles in a frenzy, screeching loudly. There's no way it should be this strong.

"Aqualad to team. We are.. likewise.. encountering.. resistance."

!Team!

The Rat jerks and then goes still, smoke rising from its head. I let it drop to the floor. Need to go-. No. Find out what happened to make the Rat this strong first. We need to know what we're-.

The Rat twitches.

Scan.

Oh. That isn't Blockbuster. I mean, something like Blockbuster's definitely in the mix, but... The Rat is healing itself from what should be ludicrous overkill. I can't leave it here but I can't stay here what do I-?

!TeamTeamTeamTeam!

Ring, fentanyl.

I shove a tube construct into its throat as the ring shoves a large dose of Robin's preferred knock out gas into its lungs. It's full name is much longer than that and I was advised to be really careful about the dosage but if I'm trying to kill the target anyway... The Rat finally goes still.

"Aqualad, situation."

"Artemis and I are in the cafeteria. We were attacked by thirty or so rats. They appear to have been given Venom, or something like it."

"Do you need assistance?"

"No. When they began swarming around us Artemis was able to knock them out with a gas arrow. We are heading to relieve Robin now. Kid Flash, have you been able to locate Superboy and Miss Martian?"

"Not yet. This place is trashed. Looks like the Rats were hooked up to some sort of injection system."

"We have encountered the results."

"I'm heading to the next room. Oh El-"

Transition.

"-oh. He's here, never mind."

Wallace's right hand is blurring at the keypad, trying to guess the combination. I can hear screeching, probably coming from the rats on the other side. They really don't like trying to move through solid barriers. Leaving the door intact is probably a better idea.

"Miss Martian, Superboy report."

The keypad chimes as Wallace gets the combination. A clunk, and the door slides aside. A large room, possibly some sort of large animal operating theatre? On my left the tile covered floor drops down to an external roller shutter door. Can't get an elephant through the corridors, of course. It's open. Kon and M'gann's point of entry? The main animal pens should be just through-.

The wall to my right explodes as Kon barges through it!

Kon's bleeding from numerous puncture wounds. At least three rats are latched onto him by their mouths, one on his right shoulder, one on his left calf and another on his right hand. Everything slows. Wallace moves to aid him as I create vitalising white light.

"Yaaaagh!"

Kon hammers at the Rat on his right hand with his left fist while Wallace tries pulling the Rat off his shoulder. Both Rats.. are fine? What? How? That shouldn't be possible.

!Kon mine!

I see two more scurry through the hole in the wall, and reinforce the armour around Wallace. One leaps at him, easily clearing the distance to his face and bringing its teeth down on the glowing orange faceplate.

"Skreee!"

The plate cracks. Wallace freezes, eyes wide. "Ah!"

I grab the Rat and pull it free. These ones are only a little larger than normal size, but bloody hell are they strong!

Railgun, autofire. Keep them back.

The gun forms over my right shoulder, and hits the Rat scurrying toward me full in the face. It's bowled over, but is otherwise unhurt and recovers quickly. Another construct tendril grabs its tail and flings it back through the hole as the railgun tracks and fires. Kon gives up on hitting and presses his left thumb and index finger into the sides of its mouth, gradually forcing it open. With a jerk it leaves his flesh and he snarls as he uses his hold to pull its lower jaw right back with a quite snap before hurling it away. Wallace takes a firm hold of the one on his shoulder and seems to blur as he vibrates back and forth on the spot. I remember Robin telling us that Wallace couldn't vibrate through solid objects but it looks like super speed shakes aren't Rat friendly. It comes loose and follows its partner out of the room.

Kon twists and takes hold of the one on his calf with both hands as the railgun begins firing with increasing speed. My eyes glow as I look through the dark and dust into the room beyond and a lot of red eyes glow back. Oh dear. Why the hell were they making so many super rats here? Kon squeezes and seems to be trying to just rip it free. Not a terrible choice, since I can heal the resulting wound, but I have a better option.

Ring, fentanyl spray.

Kon removes his hands as a spray can construct appears next to the remaining super Rat, and its head is enveloped in a translucent mist. That should... It's not letting go. What? Increase concentration. Still no effect. But neither Blockbuster, Venom or Venom Buster give poison resistance! I remove the spray can construct and Kon goes back to work. There's a snap as he breaks the Rat's jaw and tosses the bloody thing away.

!Help Kon!

Cleanse wound and heal.

An orange strobe, and his flesh knits back together. A moment later I expand the effect and remove the blood from his clothes as well. Kon rubs the sites of the injuries, and tries to get his breath back.

For a moment there's nothing but the hum of the railgun as Kon, Wallace and I stare at each other. Then I shakily raise my right hand to my radio earpiece.

"Kaldur, there's rats here strong enough to bite into Kon, and I couldn't tranquilise them. Be very careful."

"Understood. Captain Marvel, please assist as soon as possible."

"Hold on, I'll be there in a moment."

!M'gann!

Kon gestures behind him as I send the railgun forward.

"M'gann's still in there!"

Armour him and send out probes.

"Lead the way. Aqualad, if you're not too sorely pressed could Captain Marvel assist us in recovering Miss Martian?"

"Captain, please do so."

Kon jogs back through the hole he made, and I keep the railgun just ahead of him. The probes are sending me images of every room in the area, but I don't know what shape M'gann's in.

"Hey, Oh El, found something on the server you should probably know about."

A Rat dives down from the top of a filing cabinet at Kon's face. He meets it with his right fist and it somehow grabs onto the armour around his hand with its paws and bites down. Kon reacts by punching it with his left fist and the Rat flies into the floor hard enough to leave a crater.

"I hate Rats, and Monkeys."

"What is it Robin?"

"You know that stuff you used on Superboy? The Danner Formula?"

"Yeah?"

I've scouted three rooms in every direction. If M'gann's here then she's not in humanoid form. I have detected plenty of rats, and most of them are heading our way. Extra railguns. They're trying to keep out of sight but they're still coming, going for the surround.

"They were working on it here."

What!?

"What?"

"The formula's not on the computer, but it's mentioned by name. And there's a shipping manifest which says they brought in pregnant lab rats. It's dated two days after you met Luthor in Taiwan."

oH gOd.

Luthor actually got hold of it somehow. And now Brain has it too. That explains the chemical resistance. But it doesn't explain why they're attacking...

"Kon, any idea where M'gann is? We need to be gone."

"We were this way." He leads the way to an opening next to a broken door. "The next step was going to be tests on dogs. Last entry's six days ago."

Dogs too? No, hang on, that's when Brain got here, they probably never got started.

"Any idea how Luthor got the formula, Oh El?"

"No, none at all. There shouldn't be-."

Arnold Munro? Iron..? No. That can't be right. It was bullshit when they included him in the comics. There were tests! The formula isn't hereditary! I checked! I looked for him!

Ring, scan Doctor Arnold Munro. Does he have Danner Formula enhancements?

Confirmed. Danner Formula chemistry present.

How the hell did Mister Luthor find him when I couldn't?

A wave of Rats scurry down the corridor toward us, and my railguns begin breaking the mass up. I still can't do general scans on this area, and I've got no idea why.

"Do we have the slightest idea where we're going?"

Wallace seems about as worried as I feel. Anything that can bite into Kon would go through him or me like we were made of rice paper, and running full pelt through the building is a good way to get ratted.

"We came in near the cargo entrance. Rats swarmed us from all directions soon as we got into the main building."

**M'gann!?**

**[dark enclosed fear fear fear]**

"Everyone hear that?"

Kon nods while Wallace just looks confused. "Hear what?"

"M'gann, I hope."

I don't get any sense of her location, but now we have a starting point. Transition.

A large room, open to the outside at one end. There are three slightly battered looking medium sized lorries parked in the centre of the room. I'm surprised that Mister Luthor didn't use something with a bit more polish, but it does seem like this was a bit of a rush job, and the roads around here probably aren't good enough for large lorries. Packing crates of varying sizes are stacked neatly near the loading dock and here come the rats!

Two of the large uberblockbuster rats -near identical to the one from earlier- lead the charging albino carpet, scurrying out of the entrance to the main building. Three railgun constructs cut loose as I stick a platform under us and lift us into the air. I recreate probes, and fortunately the rats ignore them. Still no idea where M'gann is.

And the rats start leaping.

"Skree!"

I raise a barrier. Some rats slam into them and bounce off but more grab on and start gnawing. One of the Uber Rats clambers on top of a lorry and leaps, being met by Kon's fist and getting knocked flying. Wallace blurs around the flying orange enclosure, hitting the smaller rats off the barrier before they can gnaw through. Railguns are catching most in the air but I still have no way to really hurt them.

Okay, okay. Get it together. I can use fentanyl on the Uber Rats-.

"They're not wearing collars. Why are they attacking us?"

A-? Good question actually, Wallace. Ring?

Airborne Venom derivative detected in local environment.

"It's in the air! Ring, neutralise!"

An orange strobe in all directions. Turning my head, I see that the area affected has spread a little outside the facility. I really hope it hasn't reached any more wildlife.

"Hey guys! What's happen-oh good lord!"

Captain Marvel flies under the roof and nearly lands on the Rat covered floor. He has a second or two while they remain fixated on us, and then they start throwing themselves at him.

More railgun!

Marvel goes for height as the smaller rats are knocked from the air by iron slugs. An Uber Rat leaps, ignores the railgun fire and slams into his shoulder. He's forced to grapple with it, straining to keep its teeth from his face. More of the smaller rats turn to the softer target and one makes it through my barrage, biting into his side.

"Ow!" Marvel twists and-. "Shazam!"

A bolt of lightning shoots down from the sky and hits the Uber Rat dead centre. It spasms, and Captain Marvel throws it down. Alright, he's fine, why are they still attacking? The environmental shield's protecting us now, but if there's Venom in the air, why wasn't Kon affected earlier?

Armour Marvel.

Captain Marvel pulls the Rat attaching him free and drops it down into the mass below, and orange armour forms around his body.

What's the difference between Kon and these Rats? Kryptonian physiology? Maybe, but he's been made human-compatible, hasn't he? What els- size! He's bigger! It would take a higher dose to affect him. The rats will calm down eventually. Probably. I mean, their neural physiology might have been permanently chang-. No, that doesn't help. The rats are berserking. I can't remove the Danner Formula, but I should be able to remove the Venom.

"Ring, purge rats."

The railguns reconfigure, and iron slugs are replaced with orange beams. I watch as one illuminates one of the smaller rats for five seconds, then cuts out and seek a new target. The Rat stops where it stands on the floor, sniffs the air and then heads for somewhere better concealed.

Oh. Four other small Rats abandoned the attack on our position to mob their former comrade and they tear him apart in short order. Whatever instinct kept the Rats from turning on each other appears not to apply to rats who are no longer affected. When the orange beams purify the system of a Rat it is immediately set upon by its neighbours. I need to get groups close together all at once.

"Clusterfire only!"

With the rats distracted from our position Kon and Wallace watch in horror alongside me as the swarm below turns into a bloodbath. As the numbers start to thin out the 'freed' Rats stop being swarmed, but against an opponent who won't do what a wild Rat would and back off after being injured beyond a certain extent the damage is just as bad. It's just shared by both parties. The freed Rats certainly don't work together, and why should they?

I think about two thirds die before enough are purified that the remaining envenomed can't reach the freed Rats before they are targeted in turn. Blood and shredded fur coat the ground...

Wallace goes pale and covers his mouth with his right hand. "I think I'm gonna be sick."

The smell... Burnt flesh from the Uber Rat who took the lightning bolt, Rat faeces and the blood...

!M'gann!

"No, you're going to stay with it until we find M'gann." I lower us to the flatbed of one of the lorries, away from the main area of carnage. **M'gann, where are you!**

**muuuha?**

Kon leaps off the lorry and back into the building. Wallace takes a couple of deep breaths and dashes after him. M'gann should be fine. Job. Captain Marvel drops down next to me, and he isn't looking much better than Wallace.

"Kaldur, we've just dealt with a major Rat attack. There's something.. Venom related, in the air. Robin and Artemis should switch to rebreathers."

"Understood. Have you located M'gann yet?"

"No, but I'm leav-."

!Help M'gann!

"I'll get right on it. Stand by."

M'gann sits shell shocked on the steps of the cabin in which the doctors were formerly imprisoned. When the rats attacked and demonstrated that they could force themselves past her telekinesis she shifted to a smaller form in order to escape... Which made her more vulnerable to the airborne chemical. Apparently it doesn't cause Martians to go into a frenzy, but she was on a really bad trip when Kon found her hiding behind a couple of cryogenic storage tanks. She'd shifted into the form of some sort of serpentine thing and hissed angrily at us until I was able to run a ring purge on her system.

I've gathered up the now-docile rats and deposited them in cages with familiar-smelling bedding and food. They could still fight me, but the fury's left them and they just want to return to normalcy. The five Uber Rats this place is housing turned out to not be immune to the paralysis trap, so we're leaving them between three emitters we found in one of the crates. Bloody horrible looking things. The one I fought earlier seems to have finally died, but I'm not taking any chances with it. I also fully cleansed the building of the airborne chemical. According to Doctor Niang the whole place is designed to be easy to gas in case of an animal escape. Clearly, the system could use work.

On the other hand, no one actually died. As supervillain operations involving mutant superanimals go, I suppose that means that it wasn't all that bad. Kon goes and sits down next to M'gann, putting an arm around her shoulder. She starts, then clings onto him and buries her face in his neck. Know how she feels. Once M'gann was safe I went looking for Kaldur, Artemis and Robin. They'd been forced to pull back to the roof, destroying the stairs to get away from the envenomed vermintide. Most of the Rats of Dawn focused my group, which was a lucky thing really.

Hah.

As the most recognisable member of our group Captain Marvel is talking to the doctors. Kaldur's hovering near M'gann, while Artemis climbed onto the roof of the cabin to 'keep watch'. I'm sitting on the steps of the main complex. I might still not be able to scan the whole thing, but I went through each room in enough detail to know that there's nothing at liberty behind me.

"We still need to ask."

Wallace and Robin are standing together. They've been talking in quiet tones since we left the building. Wallace is looking a little better, though I'm not sure how much is keeping up appearances and how much is genuine recovery. Robin nods, and they turn and walk over to me.

"So Oh El, how exactly do you think Luthor got hold of the Danner Formula?"

Wallace crosses his arms. Robin turns his head slightly to the side, and I'm reminded for a moment of Teekl. I extend my right index finger, and wave it in Doctor Munro's direction.

"Him, probably."

Robin's eyes narrow. "What makes you think that?"

"He's a Danner Formula enhancile. Don't know if he got the records of the process as part of the deal, or if he reverse engineered it from his own body." I shrug. "I suppose it was a bit hopeful for us to think the Formula would just disappear. You know the Beresford's are the same, right?"

Wallace and Robin share a look. For a second, it's a flash of surprise. I did put that all in the report. Not sure why it's news. Hmm. Think I might have just failed a perception check, though I'm not sure what the result was supposed to be.

"Hugo Danner died.. sixty years ago, right?"

"His attempt to take over Brazil was stopped in nineteen fifty five. Don't really know what happened to him after that."

I look over to Doctor Munro. He's dressed in safari shorts, short sleeved shirt and leather hiking boots. His hair is combed back and from the looks of things held in place with some sort of hairspray. He also wears a fairly substantial horseshoe moustache. Both are pale grey, but there's no sign that his hair is thinning and his skin looks comparatively youthful. If I had to guess his age I'd have said mid forties, but if you told me he was a prematurely grey thirty I wouldn't have argued it.

"You said the Danner Formula had to be administered in vitro, right? There's no way Doctor Munro's that old. Doesn't that mean that someone else is out there giving it to people?"

"I don't know, Robin. I..." I put my face in my hands for a moment, then look up again. "The Danner Formula enhances the human body. It doesn't just make you strong, you heal better as well. Doctor Munro could well be sixty. Or even older. I know the Beresfords are their apparent age because I could find records for them. Him, I've got no idea. And I haven't even tried to find out where Beresford's got it from." I need to talk to him. And I think I need to talk to Mister Luthor. I push myself to my feet. "I'm going to try and find out what's going on. Do either of you need me for anything?"

"How.. much.. older.?"

"No idea, Robin. Not enough human test subjects."

"Yeah, but-."

"No, really no idea. I don't know what happened to Danner, the aboriginals he augmented either died or went into hiding. I'm not testing Rats back at home for fun, I'm doing it because no one really knows."

Robin frowns, then nods thoughtfully. I make brief eye contact with each of them, and then head over to Captain Marvel and the doctors.

"-days work. The main thing is that you're alright, and that the Brain won't be able to unleash super Rats on any innocent people."

Marvel appears to be in full bombastic hero cheese mode. I realised almost immediately that there's nothing to stop Brain making more, and whatever magic he used on the place to disrupt my scans was a level above the sigils the League of Shadows uses. Oh. Of course, that's who the man at the other end of the gate spell was. Wotan. For some reason he was trying to put out the sun when Kaldur, Wallace and Robin first liberated Kon. I almost hope that it was all him, because if someone who's actually intelligent has got into magic... I thought we'd have longer before that sort of thing started happening. And I don't remember Wotan from the comics at all, so I've no sort of in with him.

"Excuse me, Doctor Munro, might I borrow you for a moment?"

He tears his attention away from Marvel and looks around. "Sure, son. Hey, you're the fella I spoke to on the phone."

"Quite so, sir. Orange Lantern two eight one four. I'm sorry to trouble you, but in light of what happened I'm afraid that I have to ask; where exactly did you get hold of the Danner Formula?"

For a split second his eyes drop, then he looks over to Doctor Niang. Her face remains impassive. He exhales. "I didn't really... Hm, was hoping that I wouldn't have to spread this around. Guess you do need to know, though. I got it in a.. some papers my.. natural father left for me."

"Sir, I'm sorry, but this is important. Who-?"

"Hugo Danner." He shuffles slightly. "My birth certificate says that my father is John Munro, my mother's husband. Mom didn't tell me the truth until Dad needed a kidney transplant and I got a blood test to see if we were compatible."

How did I miss him?

"I couldn't help but notice that the Formula was used on you. Did your mother..?"

"No, ah. Way she described it, it was really -heh- more of a hook up. I suppose I must have inherited it from Hugo."

But that's not... It doesn't work like that! All the notes..! No, I don't know for sure, and if his mother got an injection and didn't tell him or if Danner himself injected her while she was asleep or something, there's no way he'd know. And no way for me to find out.

"Do you intend to stay on site?"

"Oh, hell no. Soon as everything here is locked down, June-" He nods to Doctor Niang. "-and I are heading to the nearest town. Luthor can sort out this mess."

Yes. I rather imagine that he can.

"One other matter, Doctor Munro. I understand that you were moving on to testing on Dogs next? Only, I didn't see any Dogs..."

Another look at Doctor Niang. "We.. had six.. Dogs... If they're not here, I guess they musta got out? Or the Rats could have eaten them, we hadn't started on the Dogs yet. They'd be easy prey."

Or you're lying to me. Or Brain already transferred them. That totally doesn't sound like something that's going to bite us in the arse later. I smile and nod anyway. "Do you intend to run tests on Dogs in future?"

"Maybe? It's all up in the air at the moment." He shakes his head. "Won't be doing anything else until security gets improved, I'll tell you that for nothing."

"Thank you, Doctor." I nod again, step back and then turn away. Should probably talk to Kaldur before phoning Lex, see how he wants to play it.

"Can I ask you something?"

I stop, and half turn. "Of course?"

"How do you know about the Danner Formula? It's kind of important to my life, but I didn't think it was widely known about."

"I've an interest in human augmentation myself. The Formula has no known adverse effects... Seemed like a good place to start."

"You.. you actually know the formula? How?"

"Doctor Munro, my mentors are Wonder Woman and Green Lantern, both of whom were members of the All-Star Squadron. Quite aside from that, you're the fourth Danner Formula enhancile I've met recently."

He boggles. "There are others? I-I thought I was the only one! Who!? Where!?"

I make a placatory gesture. "I'm sorry Doctor, but that's privileged information. If you really-." He starts to interrupt, so I pre-empt. "If you really want to meet them, I can ask them if they're okay with that. If they are, then I can put you in touch."

For a moment he looks as if he is going to continue, but he thinks about it and reins in his enthusiasm. "Yeah, okay, that's fair. But please, let 'em know as soon as you can."

I nod, then turn away. Kaldur's talking to M'gann, and I walk toward them. She looks a little better. I think. I suppose it would be hard to tell, what with her being a shapeshifter. I'm going to need to pester Mister J'onzz for more information on martian psychology.

"Aqualad, do you have a moment?" The three of them look around. "I had thought about how to follow up on this mission."

Kaldur's eyes flick back to Kon and M'gann. "Then it is something we should discuss as a team."

Oh. Don't see why not...

"Alright."

I turn my head over to Wallace and Robin, wait until Robin is looking at me and then beckon them over with my right hand.

**Artemis?** Nothing, though given the state M'gann's in, that isn't a surprise. "Artemis!" Her head appears over the roof. "Debrief. Get down here."

Her head disappears, and is replaced by her feet as she lowers herself from the edge before dropping down. Wallace and Robin stroll over.

"Ring, privacy."

"Compliance"

A transparent orange bubble expands around us, cutting out ambient sound. I step back so that we form a rough circle.

"Alright, here's what I'm thinking. Nothing we saw today can be definitively linked to Mister Luthor. We accuse him of anything, he'll blame Brain, and we have no solid evidence to the contrary. Plus, the doctors over there are going to report our presence back to their employer."

A thoughtful moment while everyone examines the ground.

"Best idea I've come up with is phoning him and asking about it."

Robins shifts uncomfortably. Wallace stares, dumbfounded.

"Your plan is to ask him? He's not going to say something incriminating over the phone!"

"Probably not. Still, I'd be interested to watch his reaction and to hear the official reason for this place existing. Plus, wouldn't hurt to have him owe me another favour. Robin, get anything definitive from the computers?"

He shakes his head. "Nothing he couldn't talk his way out of."

Kaldur frowns as he thinks. "How do you intend to watch him?"

"Ring?"

A construct appears in the middle of our group, showing Mister Luthor sitting at his desk reading some sort paperwork. I wave my right index finger and the image magnifies his face.

Artemis crinkles her nose. "Okay, that's creepy."

I raise my left eyebrow. "Compared to super strength Rats?"

"Thought you said that wasn't him?"

"I said we couldn't prove anything. I think it would be out of character, but, who knows? Aqualad, am I doing this? You know Superman's just going to fly by his office tomorrow if I don't."

"Your suggestion has merit." He nods. "Do it."

I raise my left hand to my ear. Theatrical rather than necessary, but it feels appropriate. "Ring, phone Mister Luthor."

"Compliance"

I pull the image out as a light on his desk phone comes on. He ignores it and keeps reading. Well, that's rude. After a moment he glances up, and I see Ms Graves reach across his desk and pick up the receiver.

"Lex Luthor's office."

I think that's the first time I've heard her speak. "Good afternoon Ms Graves. It is afternoon there, isn't it? Orange Lantern two eight one four. Could you possibly put me through to Mister Luthor please?"

"We have a switchboard, you know."

"You also have an office window. Besides, I think that Mister Luthor would probably rather keep this quiet, and since I can bypass normal traceable communication channels..."

She makes eye contact with her employer. "Hold please."

I smile for the gallery. "Cheeky cow put me on hold."

A nervous smile from Wallace and M'gann.

Ring, lip reading.

Compliance.

"-the Lantern. The orange one."

Mister Luthor appears to think about it. "It's certainly more civilised than the alien's usual approach."

He holds out his right hand, and Ms Graves hands the handset over. "Orange Lantern. To what do I owe the pleasure of this call?"

I focus the image on his face, with another, smaller image showing the room as a whole.

"I'm standing in your research centre in the Valmiki National Park. Interesting place."

"Mm, well, after you drew my attention to the existence of the Danner Formula I realised that I would be doing humanity a grave disservice if I allowed it to vanish from the face of the Earth. May I ask how you found out about the research center?"

"Are you familiar with the supervillain known as The Brain?"

He shifts a little on his chair. "I wouldn't say 'familiar', but I know of him, certainly."

"He and his hench Gorilla -I know, don't laugh- occupied the place, and took your researchers prisoner."

He sits up. "And the security personnel?"

"I was going to ask you about that, actually. There aren't any. What's up with that?"

He frowns. "They were supposed to arrive a week ago. I don't make a habit of leaving important projects undefended. I realise this may be a silly question, but are you sure they weren't driven off or killed?"

"No remains, no security vehicles and I didn't detect any other humans anywhere near here."

"That is concerning. Are the doctors in good health?"

"As far as the ring can tell."

"I'm glad to hear it. Doctor Niang is an expert in her field, and Doctor Munro's expertise may well be irreplaceable."

"Couldn't help but notice that Doctor Munro is a Danner Formula enhancile himself."

He leans back, with a narrow smile. "Enhancile? En-hance-ile. You know, I rather like that word. It fits the concept well. Yes, finding Doctor Munro so quickly was a stroke of luck. I was expecting to be forced to send people out into the Brazilian rainforest for years. Were you able to take the Brain into custody?"

"I'm afraid not. He teleported away when he realised the game was up."

"Oh, I'm sure you did your best. I.. hesitate to ask, but the facility itself..?"

"Largely intact, but I'm afraid that Brain used enhanced animals as vengeance weapons. You'll probably need to replace a lot of stuff."

"No, that hardly matters. It uses modular units we manufacture in bulk in Patna, though the delay will be a nuisance. Though as long as most of the lab equipment is intact..?"

I shrug. "I think so. I'm not an expert, but the Rats were mostly focused on other animals."

"They didn't escape, did they? Valmiki National Park is an important nature reserve."

"None of the Rats did, but the Brain intentionally released various enhanced animals. They're wearing control collars, so corralling them shouldn't be too hard. Mister Luthor, you understand that there's some questions that the Justice League will want to ask you about this place?"

"I have nothing to hide... Though I would rather this had remained low key. Some people -the League among them I'm afraid- are rather against this sort of work."

"Were you intending to research anything other than the Danner Formula here?"

"Not in the short term. I made sure they had information on other work we've undertaken in the same area-" I look at Robin and raise my eyebrows. He nods. Score. "-and I may have decided to expand the facility eventually, but the results the Danner Formula has already shown make everything else seem rather ineffectual by comparison. I was mostly interested in supporting Doctor Munro discovering the mechanism by which it works."

"Did... Do you have any particular commercial applications in mind?"

"Well, several possibilities do spring to mind. Super strong guard Dogs, for example. I think we're both.. open minded.. on the matter of human augmentation, but that would have to be a long term aim. And given the lead time I don't think it would ever be a major commercial enterprise."

"Not planning on selling doses of the formula to pregnant women?"

"No. I plan to provide it at cost... Perhaps even for free. For me, sharing the 'fire of the gods' with the world is an ideological matter. As I understand it the formula isn't all that expensive to make, and I could hardly hold the resulting children in bondage to LexCorp. No, in the medium term I plan to try to create a market in animal enhancements. I'd like the project to be self financing, but I think the benefit to humanity outweighs the financial burden to me."

I look over to the paralysed Uber Rats. Yes, I can well believe there'll be a market for things like that.

"Thank you for your time Mister Luthor. Someone will be in touch if we have any further questions."

"No, thank you, Orange Lantern. Losing that facility and the researchers would have been a crippling setback. It appears that I am once again in your debt."

"Oh, do you want me to hang around until your security people get here?"

"No, that shouldn't be necessary. I'll be lighting a fire under them just as soon as I get off the phone."

"I won't keep you then. Keep up the good work."

"Goodbye, Orange Lantern."

The image of Mister Luthor lowers the phone, and I lower my hand.

"Balls."

"Shazam!"

I walk slowly away from entrance to the tomb of Rameses the Second to where John's sitting on a rock, staring at an unlit cigarette. I stop about two metres away, staring past him out into the Kahndaqi desert.

"Well I feel like a giant shit. How about you?"

John exhales slowly, then fishes in his coat pocket for his lighter. "Yeah, well, he asked for it, didn't he?"

"And?"

He flicks the lighter on for a moment, then closes the lid. "Most days, mate, if I'm honest. Surprised it was that fresh. I mean, he's, what? Twenty five?"

"Would the fact that it was a ritual killing have made it more... Stick better?"

"Might do. I didn't recognise the ritual whatshisface... Theo Adam?" He looks back at me, and I nod. He looks away again. "Was using. Doesn't really mean much. Once you've got the basics sorted the ritual will work pretty much whatever. But, might make it easier to find out where he learned it."

I don't reply. Captain Marvel wanted to be left alone for a few minutes, which under the circumstances is quite understandable. We were both pretty sure that Theodore Adam had murdered his parents to get at Teth Adam's power, but I'd had no idea that their ritual sacrifice was part of the actual process of acquiring it. And Marvel just watched alongside us as John's phantasms re-enacted the process. It's just a mercy that the psychic residue wasn't strong enough for us to clearly see their faces. He seemed to be holding up alright when I left, but that might have been more due to Achilles' courage than anything else. And he just turned it off.

I actually don't know if Marvel's ever been here before. Didn't think to ask. John was surprisingly alright about coming out here at such short notice. He said it was because he needed the cash since all the local bookmakers have blacklisted him and everyone he could trust to place a bet on his behalf, but I suspect that the prospect of a magic based opponent in Black Adam's weight class might have had something to do with it.

Thinking about it, I don't think I learned anything much from the conversation with Mister Luthor. I mean, if I wasn't on his cool list before I almost certainly am now, but in terms of learning things that will help us cope with whatever Brain does with what he took from their servers, or getting evidence of Mister Luthor's involvement in anything criminal... The doctors checked the facility over once more after I got off the phone, then got into the most Rat giblet free lorry to drive to the closest town. And that's when Marvel asked to have a word in private, about coming here. I'd been thinking about involving necromancers in murder investigations for a while, so...

Good idea, subpar implementation, I guess.

The rest of the team are heading back to the mountain. I left my lantern onboard; I can easily pick it up when I get back. Teekl decided to come with me. She's back in the tomb at the moment. Hopefully William will find her as reassuring as I do. Or maybe she'll ignore him and start hunting Jerboas. Probably just as well she didn't come to the research centre; those Rats would probably have given her a complex. And if I'd assimilated any of them she'd never have spoken to me again.

John twists around on the rock so that he's facing me. "So, what's the next step?"

"What makes you think I know?" I make brief eye contact, then drop my eyes to the desert floor. "I was already pretty sure that Theodore Adam got hold of Teth Adam's power here somehow. I didn't know.. that.. happened. Don't suppose there's an easy way to undo it?"

He puffs out his cheeks and exhales, shaking his head. "Forget it. Far as I can tell, the ritual connected him to a source of power that already existed, and if he's ended up like Captain Marvel there? No. It's too... It's too tightly bound.. for a street magician like me to mess about with."

"And if he dismissed it himself?"

"Then he's just as vulnerable as anyone else and there's all sorts of things I could do. Do you think he will?"

I've checked. Theo Adam basically dropped off the planet after getting back to the states. Guess that's a no then. I shake my head. Different approach.

"How about Teth Adam? Is his soul intact?"

"It was. I could feel it, the anger's ground into the walls. Don't know how coherent he'd be, if whatever bound him here survived the ritual." He lights his cigarette and put it in his mouth. "Takes a real bastard to tie someone's soul to their own corpse like that. He have any family?"

"Yes. Uh-" I shake my head. "-I think so, it's hard to know."

I remember him giving some of his late wife's jewellery to... Whatshername, the woman who became Isis. Don't remember any other family but he probably had some. But something else is bubbling at the back of my mind. Something about what Mister Luthor said. No. About the way he said it.

"If you know where Theo is, I could probably check that the original soul's still there. Simple bit of scrying."

"Probably worth doing." John stands up. "Whow! Not right now! Captain Marvel's still in there."

He shrugs. "Your money. Just sit here and work on my tan then, shall I?"

As I understand it the formula isn't all that expensive to make. As I understand it. Why wouldn't he know?

"How's the soul binding research going?"

Another shrug. "It's going. Whether it'll work or not, no way to know. Not like we can give it a proper test. Got a friend of mine, Clarice, her name is, working on how to tattoo the spell onto you. Should have something for you in a few weeks."

Why wouldn't he know? Would he gain anything by pretending ignorance?

"The full works? Permanent scry immunity?"

"Hell no. A couple of bindings and a power tap. I can't very well carve a spell on something you don't have, can I?"

"And what'll that do?"

"Bleed energy into you and force it to stay put. If the stuff in the Atlantean scrolls is right, with a bit of luck, that should cause it to bond to you and make you a 'real boy'."

He smirks, but I'm not really concentrating on what he's saying. He seems to have it in hand. I just transmute the reagents for the Danner Formula, but none of them are that expensive and neither's the process. If you can do it in the late 19th century, a modern lab should be able to recreate it easily. If Mister Luthor really cares about this -and he certainly seems to- he should know the price down to the penny.

"If it all goes well, I can probably do the other thing later. If it doesn't, well, you can just grow the skin back, right?"

Am I just reading too much into it? But if Mister Luthor doesn't know how much it costs, he probably doesn't know what's in it. Alright, back to basics. Who knows how to make it? I do, Mister Garrick and Wallace do. Alan might, but I got the impression he never read the stuff he gave me. Batman. I haven't told him but let's face it, he's Batman. Doctor Munro. Munro works for Luthor, so...

Wait.

Is Doctor Munro not sharing?

*Episode 14*: Revolution

25th September
07:01 GMT -6

"Are you sure about this?"

"Yeah, come on. Hit me!"

Guy stares me down with a rakish grin. We're floating above the Chihuahuan Desert, and the ruined proof of the fact that the League shouldn't call upon me to counter an orbital bombardment any time soon. Sandcastle New York lasted about twelve seconds. Sandcastle Seattle managed three. Sandcastle Mount Justice survived for all of two minutes before Guy actually put some effort into it.

The statue of Kon's still standing, mind.

"Alright, but if it looks like it's not working, I'm going to stop immediately."

"It'll work!"

I hold out my left hand. I've put the ring sigil back on the palm side, and I point that right at him.

"Ring, assimilate."

The deep orange beam strikes Guy square in the chest and the orange ripples spread out over him like a cocoon.

"Identity Theft in progress. One percent complete. Warning, will detected."

Guy grins harder, and clenches his right fist harder.

"Two percent complete."

His ring crackles with green energy, momentarily breaking through the orange coating.

"Warning, will intensifying."

"I am."

The cocoon shatters as his environmental shield surges.

"Identity Theft ability interrupted by will pulse. Do you wish to resume?"

"Hah! Told ja it'd work."

His ring is still crackling and his aura is a brilliant green shield of solid willpower and smug.

"Do you want me to try again?"

"Sure! Go ahead."

Wipe the grin off his face.

"Ring, assimilate."

Another orange beam, this time pointed at his head. As soon as it touches his environmental shield the beam fades to nothing.

"Unable to connect."

"Hah!"

"Okay, I'll bite. What are you doing?"

"You said you heal yourself by focusing your need to be perfect. But I'm me right? I already know I'm perfect. So, I just gotta focus on being me, hard as I can? I can do that. I am."

His aura intensifies still further. He unclenches his right fist and brings his ring up to his lips to kiss it.

Ophidian's Eyes.

No, nothing. All I see is a green Guy Gardner. I'm genuinely impressed. Guy's never been that imaginative, and he's copied my concept and developed his own green-friendly version in a few weeks.

"And the doctor said I mighta had brain damage. Huh, shows what she knows."

Or you just fixed it. We certainly didn't need hit-on-head-to-change-personality Guy around the place, thank you very much.

"Any news on going back on active duty?"

His aura drops back to normal and his ring crackles as his smile fades. "They've scheduled an assessment for a couple a' weeks. Dunno why they're draggin' their feet over this."

"Because something unexpected has happened, and that annoys them."

"Hey, show some respect." He jabs at me with his ring finger. "The Guardians got a whole Corps to run. They ain't got time t' come runnin' just cause I'd like 'em to."

"Doesn't Clarissi Salaak run the Green Corps?"

"Salaak? Nah, he's just a secretary."

Ring, message him using Salaak's image.

Compliance.

Guy's ring blinks twice. He frowns at it. "Oh. Hang on." He holds it out in front of him. "Yeah?"

Salaak's image appears.

Guy immediately clenches to attention, all humour vanishing from his face. "Lantern Salaak. Got a mission for me, sir? Ohhhh..."

The image of Salaak has an orange sigil in place of the green one. Curious, I didn't mean to do that.

Guy drops his ring down and look at me. "That, was a dick move."

"Pffffff!"

"Okay smart guy, serious time now." He crosses his arms. "Wonder Woman wanted me to talk to you about the robot attack."

"What's to talk about? We got owned. If they'd wanted to kill us, they could have done. Lantern Stewart and I-."

"Yeah yeah, turnin' the place into a fortress. She said. You really think that's necessary?"

!Yes!

"I think events speak for themselves. I always thought that the whole 'they won't think to look here' thing was a bit weak, and the robots just proved me right."

"Okay but, plasma cannons? Anti-Kryptonian plasma cannons?"

"It's not a measure of power, they just operate on the right wavelengths to disrupt Kryptonian organelles. And they're not cannons, they're just... Efficient. Besides, I said I'd compromise on that."

"Right... Paralysis traps. Which you got from The Brain."

I hold out my hands, palms upward. "Which don't cause any lasting harm. An intruder would be rendered helpless, and all a friend who forgot to enter their password would have to do is shout it. Or wait until someone came to check on the cause of the alert."

"Look kid, I'm not... I've got no say in the rebuilding process. I just wanna know that you're coping okay. How's that meditation thing of yours goin'?"

I look away. "I've... Been having.. trouble. Short term stuff's demanding so much of my time at the moment. And I think I might have messed up with Captain Marvel."

John got his bone fragments eventually. Marvel didn't say much else to me. I've no idea what he's thinking at the moment.

"Didn't you say that you needed to keep your long term goals in mind to avoid going cuckoo?"

"Look, Guy, two nights ago two robots broke into our home and took most of us prisoner. If that.. if that happened to people under my command, I'd give them a few days before sending them anywhere. Instead, we get sent to India, and nearly eaten by super rats. If we'd delayed a day the team could have been well rested and I'd have started with a full ring charge."

"Alright, but he's giving you a break now, right? If you let John handle the-."

I give him a calm and level look.

He looks puzzled. "What?"

"He's sending us to Africa tomorrow."

"What?"

26th September
17:39 GMT -5

I sit straight, resisting the urge to slump like a moody adolescent. On the other side of the coffee table Guy sits cross legged reading through my mission report again. I think he's stalling. On my right Diana sits with her hands in her lap, waiting for Guy to start. Am I really worrying her this badly?

With a slight wince Guy puts the PADD down on the table and waves his right hand in a circling motion.

"Alright, so... Why'd you say you wanted to go on this mission?"

Huh? "I don't follow."

He glances at Diana. "Thought Batman was gunna say you could sit this one out?"

"He did. I chose not to."

"D'you think that was a good idea?"

"As opposed to all my friends going into danger when I wasn't there to protect them? We didn't know that Brain hadn't taken a load of enhanced rats with him."

"Okay, that's.. that makes sense, I guess. So, you run into these enhanced gorillas..."

He makes a combine harvester motion with both hands.

"The gorillas had Venom-Buster enhancements, augmented brains, inhibitor collars to use on us and telepathy, and by the time we noticed them they were right on top of us."

"Do you think maybe you put a bit much force into it?"

"I didn't know how good their telepathy was and I thought it would be best to put the baffles in place as quickly as possible. I know M'gann got hurt by the feedback, but I already apologised to her and she said it was fine. Really I still think it was the right decision."

"No, I meant... Says here you fractured their shoulders?"

"Yes. Well, I tried dislocating at first but that was too slow, and one of them was on the ball enough to push it back in. Think I fractured the brown one's hips as well, he was a bit lively. I didn't even know gorillas came in brown."

"And you did this..?"

"Sonic lance construct. Turns out that Blockbuster enhanced bones can be a bit brittle."

First time we've had that sort of melee combat since Santa Prisca. Construct armour with psi-baffles on everyone and Rao's Benediction on Kon plus precision railgun and sonic lance constructs equals one very sorry gorilla troupe. Then, an FTL transmission for everyone to the visible-from-orbit 'Gorilla City' and a gratifyingly short fight against a group of local mercenaries later, mission complete. Even better, they'd -they being the Brain and the freaky looking Ultra-Humanite- set up an actual Dolmen Gate and didn't have time to sabotage it before legging it. Pure magic mass teleportation. I'll be taking it to Atlantis for further analysis but damn that was a lucky find. We can track down what magic system they're using and monitor to see if anyone else tries to use it. Not even mentioning all of the potential civilian uses.

"You know they're endangered, right?"

"I healed them all once the base was secure. None of them suffered any long term damage. Plus, with the base under their control they can keep augmenting future generations. Even if they don't use Venom-Buster on them.. well, can you imagine what it would be like for them if none of their offspring shared their improved brains? The modifications Brain made weren't genetic."

"Paul, that isn't really why we wanted to talk to you." Diana scoots over to the edge of her seat. "I'm.. we're concerned about the manner in which you conducted yourself."

"I didn't think any of my decisions were particularly unreasonable. If you'd like to let me know what I did wrong..?"

"It isn't that you did anything wrong, it's that your behaviour was..." She searches for the right term. "Uncharacteristically brutal."

Oh. Thinking about it, I suppose it was, a bit.

"Particularly when I compare it to the way you dealt with the harpies when we first met."

"The harpies weren't a threat to us. I didn't know how strong the gorillas were until after I'd started-."

Um, not sure how to put it...

"Dismantling them?"

I give Guy a look. He shrugs.

"S'what we call it. You saw they weren't an immediate threat to you, so you broke bits until they weren't a threat to anyone. Batman beats up gangbangers like that, hits 'em where it hurts 'till they get a clue."

"Paul, when was the last time you took off your ring?"

Um. Not recently. I've even sort of got used to excreting while wearing it. I don't actually think...

"Paul?"

My eyes drop down. My hands come together in my lap and I start rubbing the sigil with my right thumb. "I haven't taken it off since.. Red Typhoon..."

"Would you please take it off now?"

!NoWeak!

"W..? Why?"

"You told me that the orange light could cause obsessive behaviour, and after the trauma of having your home invaded your behaviour has noticeably changed. You told Lantern Gardner that you were having trouble meditating. Do you think that there could be a link?"

!NoNotBeWeakNeedRing!

My right hand clasps itself around my left.

Wait. You knew this could be a problem. Think it through rationally. Have I changed my mind about something after taking off the ring before?

I don't think s-. No, wait, I did. I changed what I thought about the way I'd been dealing with Artemis when I took it off. It didn't occur to me exactly how hard I was on her until I wasn't wearing it any more. I unclasp my right hand and hold the ring up in front of me, staring at it.

!KeepFriendsSafeNeedRing!

The glow of the ring intensifies. Tiny crackles of power like those Guy's ring gives off when he gets angry flick out from the surface.

"I... I'm not sure I should. Where is everyone?"

"Your team are all inside the mountain. Lantern Jordan, Captain Marvel and Zatara are on site, and Batman is conducting the debriefing."

"But, if something happened..."

The ring develops an orange flame aura.

"Paul, put the ring on the table."

!No!

"I need it!"

Diana and Guy share a look and then Diana gets up and beckons me to follow her. Okay... She walks over to a full length mirror mounted on the wall and I follow her. Alright, so what's-?

Oh no.

I peer closer at my face, my eyes. I lean so that my face is only a few centimetres away from the mirror surface, turn so that the right side of my face is closest and put my right hand up to my face to pull the skin away from my right eye.

My iris isn't just orange, -and that was weird enough- it's been replaced by an orange sigil. I've no idea how I can even see out of it. I don't remember Larfleeze ever having that in the comics. In fact, the only time I remember that was with Lex Luthor during Blackest Night, when he got an orange power ring after Ganthet duplicated them. He acted like a complete idiot while he had it, despite all the good he could have done if he'd kept it together. He ended up spending months rushing around trying to get hold of an equivalent power source because he couldn't control.. it.. properly.

I turn and walk back to my seat, sit, lean forward and pull the ring from my finger and put it on the table before sitting back as far as I can and trying not to look at it. Diana smiles at me in a matronly way.

"That was the right thing to do, Paul."

"Yes, I... Hadn't realised..."

I wave my right hand at my eyes. Without the ring on the weight of my armour is quite noticeable, and I shift a little to try and get into a more comfortable position.

"Is it.. gone?"

"Didn't know your eyes were green."

Might be less ironic, but my eyes are dark green rather than the emerald green members of the Green Corps end up with.

"What colour are yours? Under.. that."

A small smile. "Brown."

"Are you feeling any better now?" Diana walks back to her chair, passing behind Guy as she does so.

"Um. Maybe? No." I shake my head. "No, not really. The intense need is gone, but now I just feel..."

"Feel what?" She leans forward in her seat, and pats my knee. "I know you don't want to talk about it, but you clearly need to in order to use your ring safely."

I close my eyes. The feeling's back. How I felt when I ran full pelt through the mountain to get at the ring.

"Helpless."

Breathe. Breathe, and open your eyes.

"When I told you why I wasn't... Why I chose to live here, rather than move in with Alan, and I do.. realise, how happy that would have made him... Do you remember what I said?"

She thinks for a moment, then nods. "You said it was because you needed to identify your team mates' good with your own."

I throw up my hands for a moment. "Success! I now need, absolutely need, to help them."

Her eyes flick to the side. "Kon's enhancements, your study of Jay's formula?"

"Among other things. And when the robots attacked, I couldn't..."

"You were pinned to the wall and you couldn't help them."

I nod, then bow my head and stare at the floor. It sounds stupid, put like that. "I thought we were all going to die. If it was in a fight because we got overpowered, I'd... I don't know if that would be better, but... If it was because I took off the ring to have a shit, after not taking the time to install basic automated defences..!"

I look up, and the ring's floating off the table, glowing, moving towards me.

"No, I don't want you."

It drops down again.

"Making sure that the Mountain is safe is a League responsibility."

"But the whole point of this place is that we're supposed to learn to not be dependent on you! A simple walk around identifying weaknesses and I could have sent a report to Batman. Or just.. just fixed it myself. Can't believe it took me as long as it did to make sure Artemis had decent arrows."

"Look, Paul, I felt pretty stupid when I got outa the coma and the doctors told me I got taken down by a bus, but-."

"How often do you take your ring off now?"

He hesitates, then tries to crack a smile. "I sure look both ways before crossin' the street."

"Not what I asked."

"Well..." Diana looks at him with an eyebrow raised. He shrugs. "I don't wear it all the time."

She turns back to me. "When you're not wearing your ring, are you better able to cope with your desire to help your friends?"

"Without the ring I can barely act on it at all. Um, yes, I suppose."

"And are you able to meditate while not wearing it?"

I close my eyes. Ah... Respect for others? Thinking about it, Kon could probably have got those rats off of him without me or Wallace.

No sudden overwhelming sense that of-course-he-needed-me. Looks like I should be alright. I open my eyes.

"Yes. Hm. Maybe... Maybe Orange Lanterns always go insane, and the best I can really hope for is to steer it so I go insane in a productive way, rather than an unproductive way?"

Diana doesn't follow. "Productively insane?"

"You know, like Batman, rather than like Larfleeze."

I've noticed that Diana doesn't do stunned exactly, but she does hesitate for a moment when you surprise her in conversation. "Batman isn't crazy, Paul."

I bow my head a little and look at her with my eyebrows raised. "Massive psychological trauma in childhood leading to intensely aberrant behaviour as an adult?"

"He's just dedicated."

I keep staring.

She looks over to Guy, who face shrugs. "I was kinda wondering."

She dismisses the idea with a shake of her head. "We're not here to talk about Batman. Can we agree that it would be better to make sure that you remained mentally coherent?"

I nod. I feel a little relieved. I don't want to keep feeling like this.

"Then this is what I'm going to suggest. I will speak to Batman about allowing you to make the changes you want in order to ensure that the Mountain is properly defended. In return, you will take off your ring for at least an hour each day, both to meditate and to ensure that it is not affecting you unduly. After a week, we will review your mental state and see what changes we need to make to your training regime. Does that sound fair?"

An hour? I look over to where it lays on the table. Could I cope with that? Now, yes, but while wearing it? It sounds like a reasonable thing to do, and I don't want to have my brain altered by the ring.

"Could I keep it close by, in case I needed it?"

"Would that have the same effect?"

"I don't think it's affecting me now, and it's less than a metre away."

She nods. "Very well then. Do we have an agreement?"

I nod. "Yes."

1st October
18:05 GMT -5

As I reach the 'esteem' part of the hierarchy I open my eyes to look at the newly fortified doors of the hangar. At the hardened interior doors. At the place where the reactor used to be before Lantern Stewart and I moved it deeper underground to a more secure location. Shame he didn't like my idea of 'accidentally' leaving the schematics for something a bit more sophisticated somewhere I could find them, but I guess that was fair. Lastly, I smile slightly as I look at the EMP emitters, motion sensors and paralysis field generators now built recessed into the walls. Not an exact copy of Brain's design as it turned out that those ones usually caused a Human caught in them to have a stroke after half an hour or so, but just as effective. I know, because I tested it. Doesn't even hurt. I found it rather fun, actually, trying to move and not being able to when there's no obvious reason for it.

The ring's back in my room, along with my lantern. Given how big a problem it could be causing, I've been going without for more than the agreed upon hour. It's going to be about four hours today. I don't know that that's necessary, but then I read Gone With The Wind when my mum suggested that I branch out from science fiction, horribly long racist -both horribly long and horribly racist- piece of rubbish that it was. If it's safe to take it off for one hour in here -and I honestly think that it now is- then it's only slightly less safe to take it off for four. Confidence. I can be confident without the ring. This world isn't quite dangerous enough to justify wearing it inside a properly fortified mountain. Not sure I'm ready to go outside like that yet. Maybe next week, after Diana and Guy review my mental state.

Queen Mera was delighted with the Dolmen Gate, and promised to put a team on it. Guess Wotan really knows his stuff. Poseidonis seemed to have stood down from high alert, and the mix of guards was noticeably less sharky. I'm glad. It wouldn't be any fairer to discriminate against purebloods than it is to discriminate against... Still don't know what the polite term is. Ablantian? Have to remember to ask Kaldur. Or would that be like me asking black man what the polite term for a nigger is? He came with me for the trip. Think he picked up some more equipment, but I haven't got around to asking about it. Anyway, that was a worthwhile achievement.

As was capturing Gorilla City intact. The League's going to keep an eye on the place for now, and they haven't told the Bwundian government about it. My knowledge of African national borders isn't good enough to recognise the country or countries Bwunda replaces. The name makes me think Rwanda, but though there has been some ethnic violence post colonial independence there's no history of outright genocide. I doubt that there's much risk in keeping knowledge of the existence of a small group of sentient gorillas secret. I only saw about forty adults plus their offspring. Will inbreeding become a problem? I wonder if they'll need to uplift neighbouring groups in order to cope?

M'gann appears to have made a full recovery from the rat episode. Mister J'onzz told me that he doesn't have reference materials on Martian psychology with him, but that he'll add it to the list of things he'll bring back with him on his next visit. He spent some time around the mountain after the India mission, and told me that as far as he can tell M'gann is fine. I was pleasantly surprised by her response to my suggestion that we upgun the bioship. Not just the fact that she liked the idea, but that she had already been putting time into working out how to make it work physically. She laughed off my semi-serious suggestion of popping over to Mars and looting their military databases. Hm. Integrating Earth weapons would require the ship to give up some of its shapeshifting, so we'd have to remove them regularly for its regeneration cycle. And it couldn't fire when in stealth mode. A problem for later, perhaps. Anyway, her decision making during the mission was exemplary and there's no way she could have predicted what the chemical would do to her.

Turns out Robin and Wallace had been wondering whether I was the source of Mister Luthor's access to the Danner Formula. Not sure my saying 'he didn't ask' was quite the reassurance they were looking for, but the video of Doctor Munro lifting an unconscious Venom-Buster elephant over his head when Mister Luthor's people finally got on-site make the alternative quite apparent. I'll have to ask Thomas Beresford when I see him next week. I tried booking a visit to see Tuppence first, but was told that she didn't want to see me. Doctor Strange is still in charge of Belle Reve at the moment. I've got no idea how long the hearings are likely to last. I was prepared to 'deal' with Waller in some way if she was like the comic version, but she actually seems okay here.

Wallace is finally getting ready to start his first alchemy experiment. His aim is to produce something simple, but which has no basis in its chemical components. I thought about offering to help but, respect for others. I trust that he'll have the sense to ask if he needs me.

Guy's been trying to teach me to generate power ring energy pulses. I think he's accepted that I'm never going to be able to shield a sandcastle in the way Greenies are trained to do. Similarly, the sort of endurance training Kilowog made him do wouldn't help me do anything but hit him harder. Energy pulses on the other hand are supposed to be perfectly possible for anyone with a power ring. The Greenies can all do them and Star Sapphire certainly used them. Alan didn't, but he had no training. I remember them from the animated versions; just point the ring and fire. Turns out? Not that easy. The theory behind it seems to involve making the same sort of furrow in the universe we use for FTL travel, but sending a packet of energy from the ring rather than myself. I can sort of do it, but not reliably enough to want to try it in an actual fight and Guy's at a loss as to how to put the thought processes necessary in terms of avarice rather than willpower. Bloody powerful for its energy cost when I can make it happen, though.

The only part of self-actualisation I need to dwell in is that while I may not be entirely responsible for my own actions under extreme orange influence, I am responsible for getting into that state. I cannot allow my mind to decay like that, for the good of my friends and mentors as well as for my own sake.

Right. That's done then. I rise to my feet, and shake my legs to try and get the cramp out. Uh, that's the sort of thing I've had to get used to now I'm not wearing the ring full time. That, and not walking into the corner of kitchen units. And paper cuts. And all the other stupid stuff the ring just made go away. Hurrrrrr. Wonder if there is a safe way to wear it full time? At least I've been able to shit naturally again.

"Hey Paul. Wally said I could probably find you down here."

I stop the pins and needles dance and look over to Artemis, standing in the newly fortified lift.

"Good evening, Artemis. How was school?"

Haven't seen her in civilian clothing much. Black trousers, white t-shirt and a sort of short jacket thing. It's brown. Doesn't look very practical.

"It was... It's okay. Kinda weird having to wear a uniform."

"In Britain, it's all uniform all the time." I start walking towards her. "Will you be staying for dinner?"

"Um, yeah, I think so. I was thinking about picking out a room here, for when I want to stay over or for keeping my equipment in. Hard to explain some of that stuff to the building super."

"Plenty of rooms left, and I can always dig out more if nothing's to your taste." Evil grin. "Plus, it'll give you somewhere to hide out when your mum starts dating again."

She gags. "Uah! Don't even joke about that!"

I tone down the evil. "How's your mother's physical therapy going?"

"It's going really well. She's on crutches now, pretty much stopped using the chair."

"Oh, that's great!"

I enter the lift and turn around as she presses the button for the main meeting room. M'gann's on dinner duty today. Kaldur and Robin were sparring...

"Mom.. wants me to invite you over for dinner."

I turn my head to look at her. She's looking at me and smiling.

"Well, I.. don't have any plans for the next eight months. That would be lovely. Did she have a particular day in mind?"

"I don't think so. Why, what's happening in eight months?"

"I'm travelling to Maltus for the first time. That's where myyy... Employers?" I make a circling motion with my left hand. "Live."

"Huh. Don't think I've ever seen you without your ring on before."

"I go to meetings now. They're very understanding. 'Hello, my name is Saul and I'm a ring user'." Her eyes flick down, and her smile lengthens slightly. Ah, I should probably ask about that. "While we're alone, have you given any thought to the augmentation question?"

Serious face. "The.. strength.. formula. That's what that Munro guy and the Terror Twins have, right?"

"Can we not call them the Terror Twins? Their names are Thomas and Tuppence Beresford."

"Planning on visiting them, too?"

"I am, yes. Well, Thomas. Tuppence doesn't want to see me. But, yes, that's where their strength comes from."

"And those freaky rats?"

Turns out that while Danner and Garrick can't work together, Danner and Blockbuster work really well. I still don't know enough to know what that says about the mechanism.

"The small ones who came after Kon, Wallace and I had it. The big ones had that and Blockbuster, which was why they looked like they did."

"And there aren't any.. y'know, side effects."

"None ever reported, and we've got several human subjects and, um, loads of rodent ones."

We share a chuckle.

"And.. and it's permanent?"

"'Fraid so."

She looks down. "I think I'm-."

The lift door opens, revealing Wallace eating a bag of popcorn. "Hey guys. What's up?"

Artemis stalks ahead of us to the training area.

Wallace nudges me in the ribs with his free arm. "You know, if you wanted a little more 'elevator time', I'd totally have understood."

"Wallace, we were just having a private conversation. It wasn't anything... elevator timey."

Another nudge. "Staying faithful to Kon, I can respect that."

Uhh.

Up ahead, I see Kaldur and Robin in full civilian clothing. Whow, they must stink like arse if they've been sparring in that. I mean, the aircon here's good -great really, thanks to Lantern Stewart's hard work- but that's still a couple of layers of clothing while performing combat acrobatics. Kon and M'gann are standing together at the left side of the room, and Captain Marvel and Mister Zatara are standing together at the far side. Marvel seems to have bounced back from the whole Kahndaq thing, though I've no way of knowing if William is handling it as well without Achilles' help.

I hear Wallace sigh as we approach Kaldur, Robin and Artemis.

"So if Zatara's our babysitter of the week, why's he still here?" He points at Captain Marvel. "And why is he eating my snacks!?"

"He and I were investigating Theodore Adam's-."

"Recognised, Batman, zero two."

The zeta tube glows as Batman materialises, striding towards us. "Computer, national news."

I think that's the least growly I've ever heard him.

A large holographic screen appears on our right and we turn and face it. Ms Grant appears centre shot, reporting from Metropolis. "The initial attack was short lived, but Metropolis was only granted a short reprieve."

A giant towering pillar of vines -which remind me slightly of the Monster Minds from Jayce and the Wheeled Warriors- has risen straight up from the centre of a street and sent out tendrils in all directions. As we watch, a building is enveloped and then crushed.

"And despite the intervention of Superman-" Kal'El flies in to evacuate two people from a roof before that building too is reduced to rubble. "-and the Justice League-" Hawkwoman flies across the rooftops and swings at some of the more adventurous vines.

DontThinkAboutHentaiDontThinkAboutHentai.

"-there seems to be no end in sight."

Lantern Stewart cuts off a vine that had struck Hawkwoman before the two of them head towards the central plant tower. The severed vine appears to have a disturbingly red interior. Is it really a plant? Hawkman flies in behind his colleagues, cutting through another vine. How did he do that? How did he make a straight cut with a mace? Is that some property of Nth metal weapons? Because I've been reading up on them, and I was expecting there to be a brittle carbonised chunk which would collapse on itself, not a neat line.

"Shall we get out there?"

Robin can barely contain his excitement. I checked, and Swamp Thing's junglefication of Gotham hasn't happened yet, if it's going to happen at all. I could check with John, but some of the stuff that happened between him and the swamp god was a bit personal. Lending Swamp Thing his body to get Abbey pregnant? As far as I can tell by indirect means that should have already happened if it's going to happen, but I'm not sure I could explain the question if it isn't going to happen.

Batman turns back to us.

"No. The League will soon have the situation under control, that's not why I'm here. According to your intel-" A picture of Mister Crock in prison garb appears next to him. "-Sportsmaster supplied Cadmus' Blockbuster Formula, to Kobra."

"Who combined it with Bane's Venom to create Venom-Buster."

Thank you for the reminder, Wallace. I'd completely forgotten about that.

"Which The Brain combined with the Danner Formula to create his animal army."

Are Robin and Wallace part of an exposition club or something?

"The Brain also used inhibitor collars, like the ones at Belle Reve penitentiary."

M'gann too, I see. Nice that she's got hobbies other than pompom prancing.

"Batman, is it possible that plant thing is on Venom-Buster too?"

I narrowly avoid rolling my eyes. Of course not Artemis, that's ridiculous, it's a plant, how would-?

"I had Green Lantern run a spot analysis." Batman waves his left hand in front of him and a holographic keyboard appears. "The vines' cellulose does contain trace amounts of a Venom-Buster variant."

How is the what? What?

...

What?

"These cannot be coincidences."

No, Kaldur, they can. They can also be completely unimportant. They're drugs, they were always going to get out somehow, and we never could be completely sure that Kobra hadn't shipped some of the stuff out in advance of the main delivery.

"Unrelated criminals cooperating with each other worldwide."

If they're cooperating they aren't unrelated, are they? It's a supply network, so what? That's like saying that the guy who invented the AK-47 is working with Somali pirates. Robin opens a holographic keyboard of his own and starts typing frantically.

"Exactly. It's now clear our enemies have now formed some kind of-" Don't say it. Please don't say it. "-secret society of supervillains."

If I was wearing the ring, I'd generate a wall just to have something to beat my head against. We have no evidence of broader cooperation! There are all sorts of links in supply chains!

"The attack on Metropolis is only the beginning."

I tentatively raise my right hand. "Sir, have any sort of demands been made? Or do you think someone's just doing this for fun?"

"No demands have so far been issued."

"It isn't just Metropolis." Robin generates four additional screens adjacent to the main one. "Plant creatures have sprouted in Gotham City, Paris, Star City, London and Taipei."

Oh dear. Might have to do something about London myself. Then the pictures on the screens cut out at once and are replaced by static. Batman turns to them, presumably to stick his hand down the back and fiddle with the aerial cable. Wallace looks at Robin's keyboard.

"Dude."

He types with frantic speed, trying to work out what's going on. Maybe I should get the ring..?

"Not me. Someone's cutting into the satellite signal. All satellite signals."

Then the static disappears, replaced by...

Is that supposed to be the Joker?

I've seen pictures of Jack Napier before, but since he isn't a threat to me I didn't study him at any length. He seems to have gone the canon failed comic to Red Hood to pasty nutter route. Scans of his Arkham records gave me his DNA, and it looks like Lonnie really is his son. Not sharing that piece of data.

He leans up to the screen -camera, I suppose- and taps it with the knuckles of his right index and middle fingers.

"Ladies and gentlemen. We interrupt your regularly scheduled mayhem-"

Go for the ring or stay here? Oh, one of the Greenies has got to be tracking this, right?

"-to bring you this-"

He draws and flicks open a flick knife. Is he going to stab someone on worldwide television? Would be in character I suppose. He reaches forwards and past our point of view -presumably to take hold of the camera- and the viewpoint rotates.

"-important announcement-"

Centre screen are Wotan, what looks like a Zombie in military fatigues, the Ultra-Humanite, Count Vertigo -weirdly, his real name and title-, Theodore Adam and Doctor Pamela Isley. So, two I couldn't solo for definite, and Wotan's the only one who actually worries me. Got to find out who that Zombie is. Sometimes not knowing who people are is another effect of not wearing the ring full time.

"-from the Injustice League. Hehuhhuhhahahahahaha"

Really? That was the best name he could come up with? I mean, it sounds dated when the Justice League use it. And the Zombie's got his hands in his pockets. He's not even looking at the camera! At least the others are glowering at the audience.

The camera zooms in on Count Vertigo.

"We.. are responsible.. for the attacks on your cities."

Well, someone's about to get squashed by the might of whatever air force is closest.

"If you wish to save them, a ransom of ten billion American dollars is required."

I saw pictures in Gorilla City, but the Ultra-Humanite's head is really freaky. The hair on the top hasn't grown back yet, and I think the surgery must have been performed by Mallah or something because those scars are huge. Would they have had to enlarge the internal space to fit a human brain? Maybe, but the gorillas we met were fully sentient with regular sized heads. Wonder if the technique Brain used on them would work on regular humans?

"Delivery instructions have been sent to the United Nations."

A bit like in Soon I Will Be Invincible, when Doctor Impossible makes his 'make me ruler of the world' demand and then waits for the superheroes to show up. Apparently they actually had a legal formula whereby that could happen. I guess you just have to be prepared for these things when you live somewhere like this.

"There is no time limit, but, the longer your governments wait..."

Napier's hand moves across the lens and he pulls the camera back around. His face fills the shot. Someone didn't go to film school.

"The more we get to have our.. jollies."

He breathes the last word with passion.

"Ehhuhhuhhuhhuhhuhhuhhuh!"

The camera cuts off, and static returns.

Well, this is some old school supervillainy. Giant plants terrorising the planet, criminals with no goal but their own enrichment, a basically unworkable scheme...

Batman's communicator beeps. "Roger that Aquaman, the UN will prepare the ransom as a fallback. But it won't come to that."

Robin's back on his keyboard. This is technically a briefing, so I don't think that running off to pick up the ring would be polite. Maybe I've been a bit too enthusiastic about the not-wearing-it-the-whole-time thing. I'm basically reduced to standing here like a lemon without it.

The villain team photo reappears on the main screen, and little boxes appear around its members faces as he says their names.

"Count Vertigo, Poison Ivy, Ultra-Humanite, Atomic Skull,-"

Oh, that's who the Zombie is. I was expecting something more like the Justice League Unlimited version.

"-Black Adam, Wotan, seven heavy hitters!"

Were the rest hiding behind the gorilla?

"Probably behind everything and everyone we've faced."

Seeing links where none exist? Isn't there a word for that?

"Could we please use their actual names?"

He flashes me a look. I think I threw him off.

"There's your secret society!"

I add Wallace to the debit side of my only sane man meter. Or maybe just my wrong genre savviness meter. Is this how things work here? I had been assuming not, but... "We don't have any hard evidence of a broader system of cooperation. Besides, why would a secret society broadcast to the entire world?"

"Perhaps after India they saw that we would deduce the truth and saw no point in hiding any longer."

And Kaldur.

"All we knew was that Ultra-Humanite, Brain and Wotan were working together. Now we've seen their whole roster and know exactly who to prepare for. And where's Brain?"

"Whatever's going on, we need to get out there and kick some plant creature butt!"

"Wallace, they don't have-."

"The Justice League will handle the plants. I have a different job for this team."

"Owh mayn.."

Wallace gets punched in the shoulder by Artemis. I'm really starting to like her.

"With the plants attacking so many locations simultaneously, there must be a central control system."

I'd dispute that, but this is Batman. He's got way more experience of supervillain hijinks, and presumably has a better idea of the limits of MadTech.

"Your mission, is to destroy it."

"You realise what you're asking them to do?" Zatara walked forward from the pack while we were focused on Batman.

"They're ready."

Guess I'm going to be trying out the anti-Theo Adam techniques sooner than anticipated. Should work, though I would have liked to go over things with John once more.

"Ready? Ready for what?"

And Wallace earns another punch, and Artemis swiftly pays him with one. What was it Superboy said about Impulse in that comic? Quick, but not swift?

"Aow!" He rubs the bruise. I'll have to repair that before the mission proper gets underway. "Will you cut that-."

"Hello Wally!" Huh, works in British English too. "If the big guns are fighting plants, who do you think we'll be fighting?"

"I don't know! I guess we'll-."

Artemis points at the screen. Wallace follows her finger, then gasps. Oh my goodness.

"Ooooohh."

I raise my right hand, index finger extended. "Can I bagsy Theodore Adam?"

Mister Zatara looks us over for a moment, then turns his head to look at Batman. "Well Batman, I trust that you are correct."

"I trust you can locate the enemy."

If it was Wotan who warded Mister Luthor's research centre, then he's almost certainly warded his own base in the same way. I don't want to underestimate Mister Zatara's abilities, but if he doesn't struggle at least a little then the lentils have gone and blackness is all that remains.

"Indeed. Wotan's involvement suggests sorcery is a part of how the plants are controlled. Robin, if you would provide a holomap."

More frantic tapping. I can't help but feel that perhaps a custom keyboard layout would be better for him. A pale blue translucent globe about four metres pole to pole appears in front of us, rotating slowly.

"I'll search for signs of concentrated sorcerous activity." He walks forwards, his shoes clicking on the floor. When he gets to optimal distance he raises his hands. "Etacol retnecipe fo yrecros!"

Hundreds of red dots appear on the globe, blinking out and reappearing elsewhere moments later. The globe itself shudders and fritzes.

Zatara frowns. "Laever!"

The globe stabilises, the number of red dots is reduced by about a third and their movement slows.

Wallace cocks his head to the side. "Some kinda magic proxy server?" Artemis scowls at him suspiciously. He raises his hands. "I'm serious, that could happen."

"Laever!"

I make momentary eye contact with Captain Marvel, who nods. I raise my hand again.

"Sir, would it help if you had something to focus on?"

Mister Zatara lowers his hands with a frustrated sigh. "Yes, but a few pieces of the Ultra-Humanite's body fur will not suffice. I am sorry, but there are wards in place that are far more complex than anything I have previously encountered."

Robin tilts his head slightly to the side. "Maybe Wally's right about proxy servers. Oh El, you said that you saw Wotan when Brain used a magic portal to escape in India, right? Maybe they've been comparing notes?"

"I wasn't thinking about body fur, sir. I have a fragment of Teth Adam's bone. It's had about five thousand years contact with his magics..."

And everyone's staring at me.

Kaldur voices the question. "How did you get a piece of Black Adam's bone?"

"Captain Marvel-" I point over my shoulder to him with my right thumb. "-and I were investigating his background, found his tomb in Kahndaq."

"Ah, Oh El?" Wallace points at the screen. "He isn't dead."

"Dih? He sort of is, it's... a bit complicated."

Batman's eyes narrow. "I don't remember seeing a report."

"I haven't finished it yet. Um, look, I'll get the ring,-" I point in the direction of my room. "-hand Zatara the bone, and stick what I've written up so far on the system."

Batmans looks at Mister Zatara, who nods thoughtfully. "A piece of bone certainly should work."

Batman nods at me. "Go."

I step around Kaldur. "Excuse me. Thank you."

Once I'm out of the huddle I run towards my room. I knew this sort of thing might happen if I stopped wearing it full time! Uhh. Right, from now on just an hour. And my room's still furthest away from the training room! I might need to move-.

I turn a corner and skid to a halt to prevent myself running into Teekl, who is sitting on the floor licking her right forepaw.

"Bloody cat! What are you-?"

She looks up, and the ring's in her mouth. I kneel down in front of her, and rub her head just in front of her ears with my right hand.

"Sorry Teekl. Good choice, well done. Are you going to give it to me?"

She rubs her head against my hand, looking me in the eye. Just as I'm about to ask again, she opens her mouth and drops it to the floor.

"Thank you."

The ring glows faintly, and flies onto my left ring finger, sigil inwards. A wave of orange later and I'm dressed for work. I look at Teekl and pat my left shoulder with my ring hand.

"Coming?"

She looks at me with her head tilted to the side until just before I get up to leave without her.

"Teekl come."

She floats around me, then I feel her pressure next to my head and then her weight on my shoulder. I stand up and transition, taking the padded case containing the bone fragment out of subspace the moment I rematerialise. I step forwards and hold it out to Mister Zatara.

"Careful, it's very fragile."

He takes it, and opens the lid. "Do I detect the hand of John Constantine in this?"

"Erm. Yes. Sorry."

He sighs as I step back into the huddle. "Taolf enob."

The dull yellowy brown bone shard floats out up the case, which he closes and slips into his jacket pocket. With the bone hovering between them, he holds out his hands towards the blue globe once more.

"Enob, raeh rouy s'renwo llac! Laever Kcalb Mada!"

Shouldn't that be Teth... huhtet? Thet? I've no idea how it would sound. Works anyway. The bone floats, rotating slowly on its axis, and begins glowing gold tinted white. Then it leaps towards the globe, anchoring itself somewhere on the southern US coastline. More tapping from Robin.

"Coordinates locked in. The Louisiana Bayou."

Kaldur nods. "We are on our way."

Zatara waves his right index finger at the bone and it floats down as he delicately returns it to the case. My team mates turn as one for the exit as I pluck the case from Mister Zatara's unresisting hands and return it to subspace. I turn to start towards the hangar. Artemis, Robin, Wallace and Kaldur will be heading to the changing rooms and then to the armoury. Kon's pre-changed, and M'gan shifts from her casuals to her field costume as I watch. I start walking too. There's really no hurry for me, it'll take at least-.

Why is Captain Marvel going with them?

"Captain Marvel." Batman speaks, he halts. Batman's chairman of the League at the moment, which I think makes him Marvel's superior. Possibly? I'm not completely sure how that whole thing works. "For this plan to succeed, the entire Justice League must be seen fighting the plant creature."

Oh. This is the first time we've had contact with Black Adam since finding out exactly what happened to the Batsons. Marvel's face isn't showing disappointment, he's actually angry.

"You, Zatara and I are needed elsewhere."

I wonder..? Batman almost certainly knows who Marvel is. Heck, he had to step in to stop him joining us on the mission to Africa. But he doesn't know exactly how Marvel's parents were killed, he won't understand why his normal approach might not work. Is Marvel wearing his communicator? No? Darn. Directional amplification, please.

"William, I'll get him for you."

He turns his head in my direction and I meet it with a slight smile. Come on, you told me Shazam picked you because you overcame the Enemies of Man. Beat Hatred again. I can literally see him force down his anger as he swallows and forces his face to relax. Another moment to put his normal friendly smile back in place. I get a nod, and then he walks over to his two team mates.

"Okay, Batman, where are we heading?"

I transition to the lift, appearing next to Kon and M'gann. Any preparation I need to do?

Ring, charge?

Ninety six percent remaining.

That's fine. Haven't really done much with it today. Hm. London attack might be good time for Robert to show-.

"Louisiana? Giant plants? Didn't we spend a whole day looking for a plant guy down there back in July?"

I look at Kon, and start feeling stupid. "Yes, yes we did."

And I still have Abigail Holland's phone number. Not that it'll help if she's out in the swamps somewhere. Would Batman have already phoned her? Won't hurt to check. I generate a phone construct next to my right ear as the lift opens.

"I'll try and get hold of Missus Holland now."

We walk into the lift.

"Is Teekl coming with us again?"

I feel her ears brush against my cheek as she turns her head to look at him, and he takes a step away. She showed no interest in joining us in Africa, but I hadn't actually asked.

"Teekl come? Where come?"

M'gann smiles and leans over to scratch Teekl's head.

"There are some very bad people in Louisiana, and we're going to stop them."

"Hunt?"

"Well, we don't know exactly where they are so.. yes, we'll need to hunt them."

"Teekl come hunt."

Kon doesn't seem to be impressed. "Maybe we can use her as bait."

" Ooooreeeeorhh."

Ring, dial.

Compliance.

"It's ringing now."

Of course, going by past experience she's either not there or she's just not going to-.

"Hello?"

"Missus Holland, Orange Lantern two eight one four. We spoke back in-."

"I remember. What do you want?"

"I don't know if you're watching the news, but some rather large plants controlled by a group calling-"

"I saw the broadcast. Alec isn't helping them."

"Of course not, I wasn't about to accuse him." The lift doors open, and Kon leads the way to the bioship. "It's just that it would be really convenient if a guy who can control plants would turn up and deal with this supervillain engineered death vine thing before hundreds of people died. I mean, that is sort of his job, isn't it?"

"I don't know. Recently, he's been... Alright, look, I'll see if I can get hold of him. I don't know how long it'll take though."

"Thank you Missus Holland, that's all I can ask."

I drop the phone construct. Not what I was hoping for. I do remember something about her and Swamp Thing becoming estranged in later comics, but that only happened after the nameless thing killed about a third of my species, and I think someone would have mentioned if that had happened. Right, next job.

Ring, dial Robert Marrack.

Compliance.

The rear hatch of the bioship goops into being and Kon and M'gann board. I know I could make this phone call just as well from inside, but I feel like pacing a little. I hear the ringing as the ring makes contact.

Still ringing. Then:

"If this is another bloody insurance call-!"

"Rob, it's me."

"Oh! Orange Lantern -shut up, Dad, shut up!- what is it?"

"Am I interrupting something?"

"You know there's a bloody great plant attacking... Yeah, course you do."

"That's what I was phoning about. Any chance you and your Dad could put in an appearance?"

"Dad can teleport us between standing stones, but some complete... Some complete nobbler has only gone and killed every stone circle anywhere near London. It'd take hours by car and Dad... Dad's not keen on us trying to get a plane."

There isn't a zeta tube in Truro. London, Edinburgh and for some reason Brighton.

"Okay, keep your hair on, I'll see if I can pick you up."

"Aw, thanks mate!"

"I said I'll see, I'm going to be occupied myself. You know anything about fighting giant plants?"

"N..no..."

"Alright, I'll see if I can get you a weapon as well. Don't go anywhere."

I hang up.

...

Apophenia! That was it!

First thing that comes to mind when it comes to weapons for mystically enhanced melee fighters is swords. Diana's got a few enchanted weapons in the embassy. Her actual combat sword was a gift from Queen Hippolyta after she returned to Themyscira post World War 2. It's got all sorts of nasty enchantments on it, but her training swords are just charmed not to break when she hits things with them at full strength. Could be just what the Cornwalls need.

The other thing that's tickling the back of my mind is Lantern Medphyll. In theory, getting hold of him by ring is easy, and he's certainly demonstrated plant control abilities with his ring that would make him invaluable in a situation like this. Or at least he did in the comics. I don't know his sector number so I can't get hold of him myself. Have to see if I can get hold of Guy.

Ring, locations of Guy Gardner and Diana.

Agh! A incomprehensible blur of images of Leaguers and giant vines. Right, one at a time, please.

I see Guy holding a huge creeper away from a tall building with a tall barrier while the people inside evacuate. His head turns back for a moment, watching them go. As the stream trails off he smiles slightly before turning back to the plant. His face tightens, his ring pulses and giant vegetable knives appear, attached to him by filaments projected from his back. I taught him that. The knives swing forwards and the vine is cut into slices. The crowd cheers and Guy turns to say something to them. This seems like a good time.

Ring, contact Green two eight one four B.

Compliance.

Guy's head snaps around to his ring, and the picture in my mind is replaced by the picture projecting from the ring. "Little busy here, Orange. What is it?"

"Have one of you Greenies tried to get hold of Lantern Medphyll yet?"

"Who?"

"Lantern Medphyll. The plant guy? Yellow skin, one eye, leaves growing out of his head?"

"Never met him."

"He can use his ring to control lesser forms of plant life. If he can-." The image jerks and dissolves for a moment. "Er, Guy? You alright?"

"R-. Really busy, Orange!"

"Just give me his sector number, I'll call him myself!"

Silence for a moment. "He's five eight six A. Now y'mind if I-?"

"Thankyou."

Ring, end.

Compliance.

Alright, so I can now get hold of the Lantern I consider to be the model of Lantern comportment. Maybe the first properly alien alien I've met since getting here. I mean, M'gann looks human most of the time, Kon and Kal'El look human all the time. I remember the snapshot that issue of Swamp Thing gave of his home planet. Giant sentient trees for buildings, plant forms replacing animal forms throughout the ecosystem and a Lantern who can manipulate plant life by controlling his own spiritual resonance.

I haven't tried randomly contacting Green Lanterns, though I suppose I could have done. Don't want to antagonise them unnecessarily, after all. I have no idea at all where five eight six is in relation to two eight one four, but it shouldn't take too long for a Lantern to travel from one to the other wherever they are.

Next thing, the Cornwalls. I'll have to leave the mountain to pick them up, which means speaking to Kaldur first. And Diana. I don't have unrestricted access to the Embassy's armoury. In fact, I have 'don't ever touch these unless I'm here' access, though that order was given in one of my early training sessions. Maybe I could talk to Sephtian about getting her an-

"Hey, Paul, you coming?"

I turn to the bioship and see Kon sticking his head out of the hatch. M'gann's probably ensconced in the pilot seat, running a check on the ship's systems. There isn't a pre-flight checklist exactly, but M'gann likes to make sure that everything is in full working order. In a normal commercial aircraft the journey to southern Louisiana would take us about five hours, pretty much the same time as it took the bioship to get to northern India. Should take us about an hour and twenty minutes.

"Just doing some plotting, Kon. Ring, where's Diana?"

In my mind's eye I see her airborne, hacking smaller tendrils from a central vine... in? London. Convenient.

"Orange Lantern to Wonder Woman."

"Go ahead."

"Got some local help for you, but they're stranded in Truro. Also, any chance you could lend them a couple of your training swords? I don't think their skills are optimised for anti-plant work."

In the corner of my eye I see the lift doors open and the rest of the team enters the hangar.

"Captain Cornwall? I remember his grandfather. If they offer their aid-" One tendril severed, and a gouge cut out of the main trunk. Immediately, Hades' bound spell goes to work on the living plant matter, causing it to necrotise and fester. There's a reason Diana usually leaves that sword behind. "-I will gratefully accept. I also give you my.. permission-" She swoops lower, slicing at the vine as she does so. "-to use the swords."

"Thank you sir."

I hang up as my team mates file past me and what is Kaldur wearing!

"Kaldur.. what..?"

He stops in front of me. I think it's him, anyway, the familiar full helm with its glowing red eyes is obscuring everything but his mouth.

"P-. Orm's trial begins later this week. My Queen thought it would be best if Ocean Master's armor was removed from Atlantis for the duration. Given the power at our foe's command, this seemed.. prudent."

His normal red vest and navy blue leggings have been replaced by a black body suit with pale purple armoured plates around the shoulders, forearms and boots. I wince slightly as I see his bare hands. Better than what he normally wears, I suppose. His Water-Bearers are attached somehow to his waist, but he's carrying the trident in his right hand.

"I would have liked more time to grow accustomed to wearing it, but we do not have that luxury."

Everyone else has boarded, and he walks after them.

"Aqualad, can you spare me for two minutes?"

He swings his head in my direction. Huh, good articulation. "We cannot wait. The attack-."

I hold up my hands. "It'll take the bioship over an hour to get to Louisiana, and I can catch you up in the air. Two minutes. It'll really help the League in London."

"Hey, are we going or what?!"

Hurry up and wait, Wallace.

Kaldur's head turns to the ship, then back to me. Is his field of vision getting restricted?

"Very well. Two minutes. Do not take longer."

"Ring, embassy."

I materialise at the front door, the ring already feeding in my entry code. A click as it unlocks and I push forward, raising my right hand in greeting to the woman on the reception desk.

"HiMsCandysorrycan'tstop."

Transition.

The entrance to the armoury is in an out of the way part of the embassy. Two security doors bar the way, which is why I had to be ordered not to go there without explicit permission as neither of them slow me for more than the four seconds it takes for them to open a crack. The short corridor between is warded, but they're far more passive than the ones in Poseidonis and with the Spell Eater I don't even feel them. First time I came through here I was giggling drunkenly by the time I got to the far end, but not anymore! Last transition and I'm woow! I bend back limbo style as the spear passes over my nose and transition to the far side of the room as the hulking kithotaur wielding it moves to a guard position.

"Ferdinand, what the hell, man?"

"Oh! Uh, sorry. You surprised me."

He looks as sheepish as a man with the head of a bull can, and turns away to return the spear to the rack.

"Have the kitchen's knives got so blunt you need a spear for chopping vegetables?"

"No, no, I just thought... Oh, doesn't matter."

I head over to pick up two of Diana's training swords. They're still in their scabbards, and I put the straps over my right shoulder.

"Right, sorry, in a rush now, but tomorrow we're going to talk about what's bothering you. Ring, location of Cornwall Boy."

I feel him in a field just south of Truro.

"Transition."

A flicker and I'm standing just behind them. Trevor and Robert Marrack are both crouched down in full costume looking at something at the base of one of the standing stones. Looks like Robert took my advice and ditched the cape.

"...vandals! They've done it bloody intentionally, I'll have-!"

Captain Cornwall seems most irate about something.

"Excuse me?"

Two red-masked faces twist in my direction. Robert's on his feet first. "Orange Lantern, you made it!"

"Yes I did."

He stares at Teekl as I slide both of the swords off my back and hold one out to him. "Is that the cat you..?"

"Yes. These are on loan from Wonder Woman, don't lose them, try not to get them destroyed."

He gingerly takes it by the hilt, then puts his left hand on the scabbard and pulls the blade free. The forward facing kopis blade slides out easily. Diana herself primarily uses a somewhat more conventional bastard sword, but I thought a kopis might be better for anti-plant work.

"Wonder... Wonder Woman?!"

"Yeah, she knew your great grandfather. Are we going? I'm in a hurry."

Mister Marrack senior pulls himself to his feet. "A copper stake. Geomantic energy patterns are going to be all over the bloody shop. It's a miracle-"

Ring, extend environment shield around them and transition to London.

Another flicker.

"-that we haven't had an earthquake."

We're in the middle of an abandoned road. At this point everyone's legged it. There are cars left by their owners in the traffic jam. I can't hear screams, but over the tops of the buildings I can see the ludicrous vine towering high into the sky.

"Uh!" / "Oh!"

Both Cornwalls cringe. Oh, come on, I thought I'd got the hang of transporting people!

"Dad, what's that? It feels weird."

"You saw the broadcast, Rob. Wotan's involved. Right." He sticks out his right hand and I pass him the other sword. He weighs it for a moment, then slides it out and passes the scabbard back to me. "Cheers, Orange Lantern." He closes his eyes for a moment, muttering under his breath. I see the air bend around him and when he taps his son on the chest the effect spreads to him as well. "Don't want to have to leave this one to the bloody yanks."

"Actually, Wonder Woman's-" There's a rush of displaced air as they zoom away. "-Greek."

Not super speed but a sort of rapid series of bounding leaps. Unlike Kon they don't hit the ground with great force at the end of the arch. Interesting. But, my part done Map. I haven't asked John about Map. Would he be shaman of the spirit of London yet? Would London care about this attack? Should I stay here and look for him myself? No. Running around trying to sort out this city is John's job. Where is he? Right.

Transition.

"...any sense, I'd have already left!"

A small pub, empty but for John and a loud and decidedly uncomfortable looking Mister Chandler sitting at the bar. Lucky for me a window was open.

"Sorry to bother-"

"Shit!" Mister Chandler twists violently around, knocking his pint off the bar and into his lap. He stares at me, then at his trousers and then at me again. He deflates. "Aw, shit."

Cleaning.

"John, hate to be a pest, but it looks-."

"Theo Adam, gotcha. Here." He reaches into his coat and pulls out a packet of stuff that I really wouldn't want Batman to find on me. "Remember, he's got to breathe it in and it won't work on its own. You'll need to do something to loosen Teth Adam's spirit."

He tosses it to me and I catch it. "Getting him angry shouldn't be too hard. Shouldn't you be winkling out Map about now?"

He hasn't mentioned Map to me and I haven't previously mentioned knowing about him, but John takes it in his stride. "Bloody vine came from the underground, didn't it? He can't not know it's here."

"Jooohn."

He sighs, and slides off the barstool. "Come on Chas, looks like the tights brigade needs John and Cabbie Boy." He finishes the dregs of his pint. "Gimme a ride to King's Cross-."

"I'm not going anywhere while that thing's smashing up the place! Renee'd kill me!"

"Mister Chandler, I realise that exposure to John might have left you somewhat cynical where these matters are concerned but I am inclined to pay people who do work for me. Here." A small bag of unmarked gold coins appear from subspace and land on his lap. "That should square things with your good lady wife. Now, if you'll excuse me?"

Transition.

And I'm knocking on the rear door of the bioship with a good ten seconds to spare. We're airborne, just entering Connecticut airspace. The door slouches open the narrowest crack and I transition inside. Aaaand Kon was in my seat. Kon was in my seat. I pat him on the shoulder and get up off his lap, trying to ignore the sniggering from Wallace and Robin. And M'gann. Kon just looks puzzled. Right, free seat on the far side. Going over there now.

"I trust you were able to resolve matters in London?"

Can't get used to seeing Kaldur wearing that.

"The Cornwalls are assisting Wonder Woman, and Constantine's gone to dig Map out from whatever hole he's fallen in to. And you have no idea who those people are, do you?"

"Nnnnnooo."

Wallace looks blankest, but those names don't seem to ring many bells with anyone. Kaldur read my report on Robert, but I can't read his expressions with that mask on. Right. Images. Static three dimensional pictures of the Cornwalls and John appear.

"Captain Cornwall and Cornwall Boy. Magic assisted brawlers I ferried in from south west England. And this.. is John Constantine, magician. Not particularly powerful, but cunning, resourceful and ruthless. He also gave me a.. well, a little something that should disrupt the magics empowering Theodore Adam. Don't have a picture of Map, but he's the favourite shaman of the spirit of London."

I dismiss the images. Teekl hops down from my shoulder and struts over to M'gann. Treacherous moggy.

"Also relevant, once Superboy reminded me about him I tried getting in contact with Swamp Thing, elemental champion of earthly plant life. He actually doesn't live all that far away from where we're going, and if he puts in an appearance it'll be a very short fight. On that principle I also contacted Lantern Gardner about Lantern Medphyll, who has similar plant control abilities. Haven't got in touch him yet."

I take a breath.

"So what have you all been doing?"

Five glorious seconds of silence.

"We were about to begin reviewing the files on our opponents."

"The Black Adam one's out of date, I'll just update it... There we go."

"You said that you wished to.. 'bagsy?' Black Adam?"

"I said that I wanted to bagsy Theodore Adam. I've been studying him with a view to combating him since just after I came to this world. I'd have probably been hunting him down in a few weeks even if this wasn't happening."

Robin has his computer out, hungry for data. "This file doesn't look complete."

"It isn't. I hadn't finished writing it, and.. I.. excluded information which might reveal Captain Marvel's secret identity."

"You know Captain Marvel's secret identity?

"W-? Kid Flash, I have a power ring. I know everyone's secret identity."

"For how long?"

"Since just after I got here and realised this wasn't all-year-Halloween planet."

"You didn't know my name when we first met."

"Yes I did. I just thought it would be impolite to use it."

"Bu-! Bu-!"

"We need to focus on the Injustice League."

Right, right. Sorry Kaldur. An hour and sixteen minutes until important mission. Less if we get intercepted, and Theo Adam is certainly capable of that.

"Robin, go through what we know about each of its members so far."

"Right."

He presses a button and the hologram generator on his computer projects an image of Atomic Skull. "Atomic Skull-."

"Doctor Albert Michaels."

He gives me a look.

"Atomic Skull. He can project powerful energy beams from his eyes. Effective range against a moving target is about thirty feet. A direct hit will vaporise a normal person, but it takes a second or two to power it up. He hasn't shown any real physical enhancements or combat skills."

Wallace leans back in his chair, arms behind his head. "Sounds easy enough."

"Black Adam. Oh El, you wanna do this one since you know so much about him?"

"Black Adam, real name Doctor Theodore Adam. Archaeologist, and expert in Kahndaqi history. Used the grave goods of Captain Marvel's predecessor to gain access to his powers. In theory, the gods of Kahndaq have blessed him with stamina, speed, strength, wisdom, power -including the power to fly- and courage. In practise, don't expect much wisdom. He usually just does the beginner thing of flying at the target and punching them really hard. Footage of him doing just that when Marvel stopped him wrecking the Fawcett City bridge is available upon request. I have a counter strategy prepared based on undermining the spell binding the power to him, but he'll walk off most physical attacks that can actually hurt him and I'm sorry to say that telepathy will not harm him at all."

"Were you really going to go after him on your own?"

"Ah, no, I was going to probably take Captain Marvel with me." Kon sags. "He's not a ninja, Superboy."

"Count Vertigo. He can cause intense vertigo to anyone in his line of sight. It doesn't start working instantly, but it incapacitates the target almost completely. He's also a highly skilled unarmed combat fighter."

M'gann looks round for a moment. "Is he a telepath?"

"We don't know. His ability could be telepathic, or he could be projecting infrasound."

I nod my head to the side. "Either way, I can probably block it."

I did rate him as a nonthreat for a reason.

"Poison Ivy-."

"Doctor Pamela Isley."

"-expert botanist, and probably most responsible for the plants attacking world cities. She can control plants, and can also throw out clouds of intense pheromones that.. well, they can be pretty distracting."

"I've got gas masks for anyone who wants them. Also, Artemis? M'gann? Anything you want to tell us before you might have to fight a woman who uses pheromone based mind control?"

Artemis crosses her arms. "No."

"Like what?"

"Like do you think you might be affected by human pheromones?"

"Ah, I don't think so? I mean, I do find humans attractive. Some humans, I mean. But I don't think it's because of how they smell."

"Wotan." Robin looks at me challengingly.

I shrug. "Far as I know that's his actual name."

"Powerful magic user. Probably capable of just about anything, but his recorded abilities include energy projection, barriers, flight and teleportation."

"Sounds familiar. My Spell Eater amulet should let me handle his attacks for a little while."

"Hey, when do the rest of us get those?"

I make eye contact with Wallace. "Christmas."

"If we are going to fight Wotan, would it not be better to share them now?"

I shrug again. "Sorry Aqualad, but the rest aren't finished yet. Each one needs several thousand tiny enchantments. Heck, the one I'm using is just an inefficient prototype."

"That is unfortunate." He regards Wotan's image. "At the Conservatory we were taught that the best way to combat powerful magic users is to attack them constantly in order to keep them too distracted to use their more complex abilities."

"Think you could pretend to be Ocean Master, try and confuse them?"

My eyes respond to Wallace's question by going straight to Kaldur's mouth. Um, no, there's no way Orm's had that much sun. Could we shoot a transmission so that the camera just focused on the armour-covered part of his face?

"At a distance, perhaps, but I am both shorter and broader than Orm and it is quite possible that they have already heard of his fate from other criminals. This.. armor-" He holds out his right arm and looks at it, flexing the armour on the back of the hand. "-should protect against all but his most powerful arcane attacks."

"And when do the rest of us get armor like that?"

"The materials employed in its construction are transmuted. They do not occur in nature, and the difficulty of their creation..." He trails off, looking at me.

I jazz hands. "It's on the slate, but it isn't a priority and to be honest we'll probably skip straight to orichalcum rather than mess around with impure mithril derivatives."

Mithril's lighter, and the pattern of external plates on Ocean Master's armour are designed to improve the protection it offers without interfering with the user's agility. Makes sense if you're forced to work the material in a more or less conventional way, but with a power ring Sephtian and I should be able to transmute any size of loop for chainmail, down to far below what would be possible with mere steel.

"Mister Nelson said that Fate needed to use him as an anchor. Does this Wotan guy use something like that?"

"Not as far as we know."

Having Kon battering away at his shields probably wouldn't be a bad way to go about it, but I'd rather have him attacking the facility. Kon's really good at unrestrained destruction, and destroying the vines is the main point of this after all. And on that note...

"I've been wondering. Wouldn't it make more sense for us to just spot wherever the vines are coming from, and then call in a cruise missile strike? I mean, I don't think any of the Injustice.. whatevers.. could block that sort of attack."

Robin squints at me. "The nearest place a cruise missile might be is the Navy Reserve base in Belle Chasse. Even assuming they had one available and were prepared to fire it on a target inside the US, it would take far too long to prepare it. And it might not even work!"

"Alright, so how about we find it, I fly up into low orbit, and fire kinetic harpoons at it, until the whole area looks like the surface of the moon."

"Don't think the State of Louisiana would appreciate you doing that."

"It is an option, but I would like a better idea of the situation on the ground before I authorise it."

"You're the boss. Who's next?"

"The Joker. Bet you don't know-."

"Jack Napier."

He gawps, but covers it quickly. "Right. He's very dangerous, he-."

I roll my eyes. "He's a baseline human with poisons, a knife and maybe a gun. Again, gas masks are available."

"You've never fought him."

"And wouldn't that be the most thrilling two minutes ever. Look, he causes trouble for Batman because he's unpredictable and intelligent enough to prepare well. And not to come into the open until he's ready. We already know where he is and what he's doing. Unless he's got hostages there -aaaand local missing person reports suggest that's unlikely- then at this point he's the least threatening of the group."

"He's done more, killed far more people, than any other members of the Injustice League!"

"Oh, don't I know it. On my world, someone like him would have fallen down some stairs by now. Probably assisted by other prisoners. He's entirely without redeeming qualities and the strongest argument in favour of the death penalty I've ever seen."

My lips curl in disgust as I remember the crime scene photos on the files I read. Morbid curiosity? A little, but it was more that I fully expect to see more things like that if I keep the superhero thing up, and I need to make sure that I can keep functioning. Napier might be.. inventive.. with a knife, but sadism isn't a weapon that can compete with a power ring.

Kaldur's glowing eyes pass from me to Robin.

"The Ultra-Humanite."

"Gerard Shugel."

A moment of silence.

"The Ultra-Humanite was a woman."

"Not his first brain transplant. The body we saw was that of a Dolores Winters, a film actress listed as a missing person back in nineteen sixty three."

Wallace gags. "Oh, that is messed up."

"He was terminally ill. No idea how he made a brain transplant work though."

Artemis looks sickened as well. "What happened to Dolores? Her brain, I mean?"

"No idea."

Robin deactivates his computer. "Being a gorilla makes him as strong as one. Judging by the footage we found in Gorilla City, as strong as a normal gorilla, rather than an enhanced one. He's also smart, and carries a big gun."

Kon think about that last statement. "Why don't Isley and Vertigo carry guns?"

Robin hesitates for a moment. "Well, Poison Ivy has to concentrate to control her plants. Vertigo.. I don't really know. It would make sense."

I roll my eyes. "Because he's a supervillain, and therefore an idiot."

"What weaknesses do they have that we can exploit?" Kaldur's actually kind of scary in that armour.

Robin's eyes flick down for a moment. "Ivy seems to get some sort of psychic feedback from her plants. I packed some ultra strength defoliant gas to use on her pets. It should distract her long enough for one of us to get close enough to knock her out."

"Theo Adam draws power via the bound soul of a hero. I plan to loosen his grip. I'm sorry, but it's not really something anyone else can put into action. Not unless you speak ancient Kahndaqi, anyway."

"And the others?" Robin and I look at each other, then shake our heads. Kaldur nods. "Then we will simply have to be creative."

We're about as ready as we're going to get. We've brainstormed approaches, past behaviour and tactics. I've fabricated anti-plant arrows for Artemis and handed inhibitor collars over to Wallace. The configuration needed to suppress Isley was already on file, but for the rest we'll just have to settle for 'lots of electricity'. The place is warded, naturally, so I can't do long distance scans other than to narrow down the approximate location based on where I can't scan.

Really need to talk to someone about getting a thaumaturgist on the team.

We've had reports from the League. Approximately seven hundred believed dead so far, though the death rate has dropped off now that the target areas have been evacuated. Could end up being ten times that once they finish going through the rubble, of course. To make matters worse the vines give off Smilex if burnt. Not sure if it's a response to heat or to flame. Either way I can't risk a radiological attack. Not that I was really planning to. The fights are ongoing in all six cities, though new growths in London seem to go inert about a minute after emerging from the ground. The League's actually transferred personnel away from there. I wonder, could Papa Midnight protect New York in that way? Would it be worth training a network of city-shaman for situations like this?

"So, you gonna call him or what?"

I'm holding my left hand out, palm upwards, ring gleaming invitingly. Wallace and I are both staring at it.

"This will the first time I've spoken to a Greenie who isn't local. I'm not even sure I'm really allowed to do this."

"Didn't you say Medphyll was one of the Lanterns you actually admired? For his.. what was it..?"

"His comportment, yes. I don't think he'll have a problem with... Ah, hell." I straighten up in my seat. "Ring, contact Green five eight six A."

"Compliance."

The ring flashes as it makes contact. He might just decide not to answer.

"Five eight six? That's not anywhere around here, is it?"

"I don't think so, but I really couldn't-."

Lantern Medphyll's broccoli stalk head appears above the ring. "Lantern Medphyll of Sector five eight six reporting."

My team mates stare at him. The image is orange, but his face is a short cylinder with a single eye and a cross between a small bush and an afro sticking out of the top.

"Er. Hello. Sector two eight one four here."

His eye refocuses. Shouldn't his depth perception be really bad? Maybe his eye uses multiple photosensitive layers or something? Have to ask Guy if he can give me xenophysiology files. The Guardians can't object to me having medical information, can they?

"I'm sorry to hear of your predecessors death. May I ask which of them was it?"

"No ssssir, they're all fine. I'm new."

"By the Great O, how many Lanterns does your sector need?"

More, probably.

"Reason I got in touch, sir, was that a group of local criminals have created some sort of giant world spanning vine, and are using it to hold several cities to ransom. As I understand it, you are able to control plant life-."

"Commune with, not control. It would be a violation of a sacred trust to force my designs on other plant forms."

"Ah. Right, sorry. It's just that at the moment our options are pretty much pay up or kill it. I'd really like to have an alternative. I've no idea how intelligent it is, but it's... Magnificent, really. And unique. I hate destroying unique things."

"Your compassion does you credit." He looks away from his ring for a moment. "I'm sorry, my sector's other Lantern is a new recruit still undergoing basic training and I can't leave here until they return."

"Is it a technique you are able to teach?"

"Not within a short span of time. Are there truly no beings on your world who could make such a communion?"

"I know of only two. One's out of touch, we're trying to get hold of him. The other is responsible for the attack."

His fronds rustle. That would probably mean something to me if I understood his species body language. "I regret that I cannot be of more help."

"I don't suppose you know of any other Green Lanterns with equivalent abilities?"

"I don't believe there are any. Sophisticated plant forms are surprisingly rare across Lantern patrolled space."

Sounds like Mother of Mercy hasn't been recruited yet then. Score one for my future Corps, though it's rather inconvenient now.

"Ah. It's a shame, but I suppose we can't do much about it now. Thank you for your time."

I close my left hand, then lower it to my side. Wallace stares, wide eyed.

"That, was awesome."

"Why? It didn't help-."

"You just phoned a guy on the other side of the universe!"

"Yes? It's a basic ring function."

"We're approaching the target."

All heads turn to M'gann for a moment, then to Kaldur. He nods at me, and I rise and walk to the rear hatch. If we do get intercepted, I need to be ready to respond immediately. We need M'gann at the pilot station as she's far better at it than the rest of us, and none of the other team members can fly. A gloop, and a tiny opening appears in the back of the passenger compartment. I can't risk active scans in case they've got something that can detect them. They must know that someone's coming, but-.

"Ouh." M'gann's left hand goes to her forehead.

"Miss Martian, are you well?"

That doesn't work with the helmet at all.

"I feel.. dizzy."

"Vertigo. Ring, active scan."

An image of Count Vertigo and Theodore Adam standing on a rocky promontory overlooking a pond. I couldn't have asked for a better opportunity.

"Aqualad, with your permission?"

He nods. "Go."

Armour, HUD, transition.

I appear above the pond, directly in front of the green clad Count.

Infrasonic attack detected.

He lowers his head from scanning the sky to focus on me. From behind the glowing orange plates of my armour I raise my left eyebrow. "Infrasonic against a power ring? Really?"

His eyes narrow. "Ad-." An orange line connects us as the inhibitor collar materialises around his neck -explosive armed- and the ring subspaces his headband weapon. Might be worth developing myself. "GAAAAAAAGHHH!"

The electrical discharge function activates and he collapses bonelessly to the ground, rolling down the slope to Theo Adam's feet. The explosive won't go off unless someone tries to remove the collar, though Wotan could probably magic it off without too much risk. Next target.

"Theodore Adam, I understand that you're a scum sucking murd-."

His right fist slams into my faceplate.

I'm sent flying backwards at tremendous speed, a jagged crack running down the centre of the faceplate. As expected, Theo doesn't follow up, contenting himself with hovering in the air and watching me go. Would he know much about Lantern capabilities? I don't think he's fought any of them before, though it's not completely impossible he -or rather, his predecessor- fought one back in the old days. No idea who the local Greenies were back then. Would his threat level have been high enough to warrant their intervention? No, focus. Right. Need to keep his attention.

Repair armour construct, then railgun.

The faceplate reknits and a large railgun appears to my right side. It won't hurt him significantly -not at levels of force I could conscionably use in a landscape we are trying to preserve- but I need to prevent him from trying to spot the bioship. The heads up display shows me his face. Smug bastard's just watching. Not sure how much he can see from that range.

Fire.

The gentle hum of the gun as it launches an iron slug at his left eye. Then another. Then-. He's moving.

Automate FTL dodge.

Scenery skips, and the HUD notifies me that Theo just lunged through the space I had been occupying at near the speed of sound. I'm now.. above? Alright. I turn in the air, aim and fire the railgun at his right ear. He jerks his right hand up to cover it. Probably felt like an insect bite to him. His head snaps around, we make momentary eye contact and he's move-.

My view skips and I set the gun to automatic. He's already looking for me, but at this point I'm schmuck bait. Another shot to his right eye before another transition. I need to make sure that he isn't going to try anything clever, and it looks like I'm in luck. Next step. Another shot, another lunge and another miss but this time I appear directly behind him and as he turns his head a lumen cannon materialises directly in front of his eyes.

The world around me darkens as my armour construct begins reflecting more light. Theo's too quick and too strong for me to form a seal around his face and I don't want to risk blinding myself. All I see is a white flicker lasting less than a second, but the lumen cannon just put about two hundred million lumens worth of light energy directly into his eyes.

"JJJJEEEYYYAAAAGGGHHH!"

He flies away from me, clutching his eyes. I doubt that did much lasting physical damage, but it should take him a while to regain his sight.

Earpiece, ancient Kahndaqi translation only.

Compliance.

I don't risk keeping right up close to him, but I follow at a distance as the filament connects me to his ear.

"Mighty One, why do you allow this-"

He swats at the earpiece with his left hand, still holding his right over his eyes. It disintegrates, then reforms.

"-this villain to use your powers? He is unworthy-"

Another swat.

"-of the gods' blessings. He does nought but-"

Theo accelerates straight up, and I follow.

"-cause misery, chaos and death. He lacks even the wisdom to-"

"SHUT UP! SHUT UP!"

He lashes out in all directions. I don't actually make any noise when flying and no scent can escape my environmental shield. He's got no idea where I am.

"-command-."

"DO YOU THINK I CAN'T UNDERSTAND ANCIENT KAHNDAQI!?"

Oh. Huh. I suppose he would have some knowledge, but I'm surprised it's of conversational quality. He risks blinking his eyes open, but closes them with another wince.

"Mighty One, your people languish beneath the heel of a new tyrant."

"HE CAN'T HEAR YOU! HIS SOUL IS BOUND TO THE SCARAB! EVEN I CAN'T HEAR HIS WHINING ANYMORE!"

Scarab, right. That must be the focal point of the spell. The phantasms John summoned in Kahndaq showed him using some sort of ritual object, but we couldn't see clearly what it was. Ring, is he wearing a scarab?

No scarab detected.

Must be attached in his unenhanced form. Turning him back would be difficult to say the least. My back up plan involves seizing control of his vocal cords and forcing him to say 'Shazam', and I already know that isn't a good plan. John was pretty convinced that it should be possible for Teth Adam to fight the bonds loose if not free himself completely, but at some point I'm going to have to determine whether it's really working or not.

Ophidian's Eyes.

Oh, he wants to hurt me. Beyond that into the core of his being, I feel a need to dominate and crush opposition and rule his people wisely and...

Wait, what? Oh. Oh, that is interesting. I see the network of desires I recognise as belonging to Theodore Adam, but behind.. beneath that, another set of drives. Unless I concentrate they blur together but Teth Adam's still in there, and seems to be at least basically coherent.

"Mighty One, if you do not strain with all your might to break his hold, you will prove that the wizard was right. That you are slothful-"

I see Shazam's face for a moment, and oh the hate, the need to hurt him. There's more, other faces, but no one I recognise. A woman? And two boys?

"-in the performance of your duties. Would you have your legacy be this criminal's actions? For him to be the only 'Adam' anyone remembers?"

"HE WON'T HEAR YOU!"

We're high enough up that I can see the curve of the Earth in the distance. He's facing away from me. I've got no real way to judge exactly how 'free' Teth needs to get before moving onto the next stage.

Aaaaghfuck! Theo's arms are around my waist in a bear hug. Too fast for the ring!? He smiles at me, happy as a psychopath with a fresh puppy to torture.

"Not so smart now. I can hear the wind, boy, and you change how it flows."

!Armour!

I'm not in pain because the armour's holding. If it wasn't, I'd be dead. His grin is pulled back against his skull in a grimace as he exerts more pressure and cracks start to appear.

Twin-linked sonic cannon.

One cannon appears on each side of his head, facing inwards. I'm not worried about rupturing his eardrums, but at this range even a short burst risks affecting me as well.

Ultrasound pulse.

His face shudders, but his eyes burn with determination and the cracks are getting longer. How can I-? Vertigo.

Infrasound, continuous.

The pressure loosens slightly and Theo looks like he's struggling to stay on target.

"Mighty One, if we work together we can bring this monster down. Do not let the legacy of your virtue be forever-"

"ShUt..! ShUt Up! He's never getting free, and your STUPID tricks can't stop me!"

He's given up on flight now, focusing on his hold on me to the exclusion of everything else.

"-obscured by his vice."

My armour is still weakening. Kon never managed this, but then he wasn't actually trying to kill me.

"Let us prove the wizard wrong together."

Theo snarls. "You want the wizard?! Here! Shazam!"

He suddenly twists us in the air and AUOOGAAAAGH!

Wholeness Rightly Assumed!

I just took the hit from Aton's lightning. Went through my construct armour like it wasn't there. My amulet soaked up the residual magic energy and my first coherent thought was to repair my body. I don't think there's any-.

"Not so much fun, is it? Shazam!"

He drops, grabbing hold of my right leg and swinging me arAUOOGAAAAGH!.

Ohow that hurts.

Wholeness Rightly Assumed.

Don't think it's doing much lasting damage, but the Spell-Eater's starting to feel warm against my chest. That indicates that it's filled to at least half capacity and I really don't want to find out what happens to a normal person with no protection hit by arcane lightning. How do I-?

"Shazam!"

GGGEEEGGGHHHH!

Wholeness.. Rightly.. Assumed...

"Nothing to say, boy? I've never heard someone beg for mercy in Ancient Kahndaqi before!"

The lightning transforms him. I need it to hit him. How how how how? FTL transfer? No, I don't know where it's coming from. But maybe to free myself?

Transition.

Unable to comply. Dimensional anchor in close proximity..

Stay calm. What else? Conduction! Ring, when he says it again generate conductive constructs around us both.

Compliance.

"You'll beg for death before I've finished with you. Shazam!"

Accelerated Perception. He swings me again in slow motion and in the distance I see a point of light. Orange cables materialise around us and bind us both together as the lightning AAAAOOOOWWWFFFUUUUUUUCCKK!

Pressure vanishes from my leg.

Wholeness Rightly Assumed.

"Wwwwwwwwwwwhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaattttttttttt????????"

No point in looking around at this speed. Show me.

Theo's back, falling through the sky towards the Earth. Unlike the image I showed Captain Marvel, he's wearing jeans and a plain white shirt, with a beetle amulet on a leather thing around his neck.

"Ssssssshhhhhhhhhaaaaaaa-"

Score. Railgun.

Orange light crawls into the mould over my shoulder.

"-azzzzzzzzzzaaaaaaaaaaammmmmmm!"

Fire.

A point of light in the sky, but this time the lightning isn't coming for me. The hum of the railgun charging. Go faster!

A flash of light and a puff of smoke as the lightning hits him. Did I hit in time? Normal perception, John's surprise, repair armour. Uuuugghhhh. Should I back off? No, if it did work, I'll need to be close for the next stage.

"You think I still need the amulet?"

Oh well.

"It's been years! The bindings will hold even without a focus!" He stands in the air, facing me. "This is my power now! Not the wizard's, not the gods' and certainly not yours!"

"True. It's Teth Adam's. And without the scarab-" Please say I hit it please say I hit it. "-he isn't bound to you anymore."

He squints, confused. "No, that can't aaaaaaaggghh!"

His eyes go wide, staring. His hands clasp the sides of his head and I feel the need to cast down this monster radiating out with almost overwhelming strength as Teth Adam's soul makes a play for their shared body. That'll probably take him out of the fight, but I want more than that. Kahndaq needs Teth Adam functional.

Really hope we don't get blood tests after this.

Transition.

My face is inches from his own paralysed horror filled rictus as I bring up John's little bag and burst it. White powder blasts out and I drop my faceplate and breathe deeply, forming a small set of fan constructs to blow -Hah!- as much of the rest as possible into Theo's nose and mouth. This is supposed to create a shared mystical state of consciousness, but I didn't get a chance to experiment and it's not as if I've ever experimented with psychedelics before myself.

And then-
-things start to get-
-a bit-
-odd.

Umm. Oooooohhh.... Enchanted LSD, it's a hell of a drug. Heh. Hehh. Hopefully not literally. Everything's a blur of everything. I'm seeing Theo Adam. I'm seeing colour, shape, nonsense patterns that I can't... I'm tasting textures and touching smells. Carpetty.

What was the next step?

"You need to take control of your conceptual space, mate."

"John?"

He leans in front on me and clicks his fingers.

"Yeah. What you've got to do is find a way of comprehending what you're experiencing. No one can cope with seeing all of everything."

"John? It's all weird, John."

"Oh, bleeding hell, you really are a first timer. Listen."

I feel the sound of blackcurrant as he shakes my shoulder.

"What did you come here to do? What do you want?"

The snakes writhe and coat my arms and feet like damp toadstools as I contemplate my next course of being. What do I want? What do I want? I took the drug to enter the spiritual conflict between Theodore and Teth Adam, but I don't... See... Them..? Or maybe I do, and just don't recognise them?

wOOOOOOooooOOooo.

John said that I should take control of my conceptual space. I have to assume that they're here, and force them into a form I can recognise. How would this contest even work? Wait. I remember in the comics that Shazam selected Teth Adam for his virtues, and Marvel told me that Shazam selected him because he overcame the Enemies of Man. If the virtues are represented by the Egyp-. By the Kahndaqi gods' blessings, wouldn't they get to decide the winner? I mean, at this point Teth has to be their last living worshipper. Makes sense to me. So, what would that sort of conflict look like?

The Enemies of Man had those statue things in the Rock of Eternity, right? What were their names again? Pride, Envy, Greed, Hatred, Laziness, Selfishness, and... Um... Can't remember. Teth will, right? They're not quite the Catholic Seven Deadly Sins, though I think most of them correspond. Not Lust? Hmm. Well, Shazam did knock up a demon, so lucky escape for him. And of course Kahndaqi gods had big statues at major temples.

Take control.

A glowing orange lantern sigil appears in the chaos and confusion all around me. As I stretch out my texture towards it, the circle in the centre shrinks inwards and then expands out to the edge, revealing blackness beyond. I try to float towards it, but don't appear to be making any progress. Tch, of course I'm not! Get over here!

Obediently, the sigil comes in my direction, growing to fill my field of vision as it does so. As I reach the aperture it turns, dropping the opening over my head and disappearing. Or did it never exist on this side? Not sure. I am now standing in a blackened room. Beneath my feet is a curved stone hemisphere, and I sit down atop it, cross legged.

Ah! There they are!

In the centre of the room are two balances. Each is hanging from a cord held in the hand of a vast statue. The style is Ancient Egyptian and made of unpainted stone. Her hair is cut short at the front and long at the back and sides, and decorated by a headband with a feather sticking out. There appear to be decorative bands at the wrists and upper arms and... are those wings? Attached to each arm. The rest of her body that I can see is covered by a long plain dress.

On each balance one side is dramatically higher than the other. On my left, held up by her right arm, the left plate contains Theodore Adam in full Black Adam mode. He is alone on the plate, which is higher than the other part of the balance. Pushing his side up on the other side of his balance are six statues in the Ancient Kahndaqi style. A muscular man kneeling in rocks while supporting a cloud with his arms and back. A ram-headed man with a complicated headdress. A man standing between two lions facing left and right. A man with the head of an ibis. A plain-looking man kneeling, one hand cupped with water draining out and the other hand shaping his own left leg from a rough mass into a limb. A man with the head of a falcon. Those statues whose hands are not otherwise occupied hold staves and ankhs.

On the other balance the upper plate on the right is empty. The left plate contains an athletic Arab man in a plain white kilt with an elaborate decorative collar containing a lightning bolt emblem around his neck. Chains are clamped onto his arms and legs, forcing him into a kneeling position. The other end of the chains are pulled behind him and wrapped around the arms of a bizarre looking statue, quite unlike the artistic Egyptian-style ones counterbalancing Theodore. It has no legs, just a torso that appears to rise out of the plate. The torso itself is a simple cylinder with no visible features, widening slightly at the shoulders. Two thin arms project from that point, terminating on the base of the plate in disproportionately huge fists. The head looks like something from a Warhammer 40,000 Ork, all pointy fangs and snarl.

The man is Teth Adam.

Around this centrepiece I see huge statues in the same style as the one binding the soul I came here to rescue. Far around to my right, a fat statue, thin arms folded across its chest, mouth downturned, eyes shut. On my immediate right, a thin, nervous looking statue, both arms held to its left as if warding off something. On my left a gap - perhaps where the statue holding Teth Adam would go?-, then a tall and very thin statue, arms held limply in front of it. Next, a short statue, indolently smiling face supported by both its arms. On the far side, a scowling statue, arms folded and head pointy. That's five, plus the one binding Teth Adam. Where's the seventh?

I look down. Oh. Okay. So, which one am I sitting on? I try to look closer at the statues I can see. Aren't they supposed to have names written on them? Ah! I see them now!

Teth Adam is bound to Hatred. The others are Pride, Envy, Selfishness, Laziness and... Injustice? Really? Alright, whatever. Which one does that l-.

Hah! I'm sitting on Greed! Oh, very good. I take another quick look around. Nothing up above us but down below, looking up at us, is a rather odd looking statue-creature. The head appears to be that of a crocodile or alligator -not sure how to tell the difference- while the body is split. The front half appears to have fur carved onto it, and the forepaws are those of a large cat. The rear seems to be a different animal, being far bulkier and smoother and the feet having heavy toenails rather than claws.

Do I remember something about Egyptians believing that the souls of the unworthy dead were eaten by a hippopotamus? Am I misremembering, and it is actually supposed to be that creature?

Okay, looks like a simple test of worth. Theodore has the support of the gods at the moment, while Teth is bound to his hatred. What does he hate? Shazam, presumably. Don't think I'm going to be able to persuade him to give that up easily.

"Ruuuuuah!"

Theodore tries to fly off the side of the plate at his rival, but as soon as he reaches the lip he reappears on the other side and stops in confusion. Teth fixes a rage-filled stare on his enemy and tries to struggling against the chains to no avail. Did this sort of test exist in his day? I cup my hands at my mouth.

"That's not how it works!"

Both faces turn to me. Theodore snarls and tries flying in my direction. This time he keeps trying, giving me a minor headache as he keeps flickering from the front to the back to the front and back again. Teth stops struggling as he tries to work out what's going on.

"Do not waste your breath trying to reason with him. He is an animal."

I shake my head and waggle my right forefinger.

"Umm, don't be so quick to judge. He's actually an expert on Kahndaqi history and, well, he worked out how to access your power."

"Then he chooses to be a savage. That is all the more contemptible." His eyes narrow. "I.. know you. I heard your voice..."

"Yes Mighty One, and I would very much like to see you win this little-" I spread my arms wide. "-thing. Unfortunately it looks like you're going to have to do the hard work yourself."

Theodore stops his pointless breakout attempt, hovering just above the surface of his plate.

"I have the power of the gods while my spell has chained him to a statue!"

"Actually, it doesn't. Your spell stopped working when I destroyed your scarab amulet back in the real world."

"Then why am I-" Teth Adam pulls at the chains again. "-still-" He pulls harder, focusing his attention on his right arm. "-bound!?" He falls onto his face before rising to a crouch.

"Don't you recognise the statue, Mighty One? Surely you visited Shazam's home at least once?"

He stops pulling, and twists around as best he can to get a look at it. "That is... Hatred. One of the Enemies of Man the wizard spoke of."

"Yep. Your soul is literally bound by chains of hatred. And the only one who can free you from that.. is you."

"Hah!" Teth throws back his head to laugh bitterly, then shakes his head, his eyes dropping to the plate he kneels on. "I know not whether you are some demon or a projection of the wizard's. You want me to give up my hate? You have no idea, no idea..."

"I have some idea Mighty One, but if you'd like to explain the rest?"

He looks at me. "I recognise that statue too. Are you Greed, then? Do you hunger for my pain? Does my suffering bring you such delight?"

"No, Mighty One, just a man. One-" I raise my left hand. The ring isn't there, but my forearm shimmers as it switches between flesh and orange light. "-gifted, with power. Not quite as you were, but..." I spread my hands out to the sides. "I can't force you to listen to me, but we can reason together. This place does not literally exist. I destroyed the scarab Theodore over there-" I flick my left hand at him and he sneers back at me. "-used to bind your soul. Then I dosed us both with... Um, a magic powder, to let us share this experience, this hallucination. The two of you both know far more about Kahndaqi religion than I do, so where are we?"

Teth takes a look around. "We are surrounded by the Enemies of Man. The Heralds of Isfet, as my people would have called them. And-."

"And we're standing on scales being held up by Ma'at, with Ammut below to consume our souls if we are found wanting. Yes, it's obvious and cliched."

Theodore looks upwards, and with less aggression than before tries flying straight up. Once he reaches a certain height things bend and he is returned to the surface of the plate with a snort of frustration.

Teth Adam appears to consider. "So, our souls are to be weighed. I cannot even hope that mine is lighter than a feather, but I prayed that my gods would not side with him over me."

"I'm not sure they have. The whole point of the spell he used was to convince them that he is you. Otherwise he could just have petitioned them directly."

"You say they will hear me now?"

"No, they won't hear you now! You're dead, and I don't see Anubis!" Theodore walks over to the edge of his plate and looks down at the god statues. "Shu, Horus, Amun, Thoth, Aten and Mehen. The sources of Black Adam's power and I am Black Adam. Me!" He thumps his chest with his right fist. "If you ever want to achieve anything in a world that thinks of you only as objects of historical curiosity, it is through me you will do it! You need me!"

The large statue of Pride around to my right disappears, and a smaller version appears next to him on his plate. He starts as the increased weight on his side causes the plate to drop slightly.

"What? No! Get off!"

He lunges at the statue, right shoulder first, and tries to shove it off the platform. It stands resolute, indolent grin taunting him. Teth Adam watches, curious. "You are supposed to be an expert on Kahndaq? You could not even properly name the gods who you have tricked into blessing you."

Was that the list Captain Marvel gave me? I... I can't clearly remember. But even if it wasn't, Kahndaq worshiped them for over three thousand years. Maybe the names changed?

"Spirit. Man. Whatever you are. How long has it been? How many years was my spirit bound to my bones in the tomb of my father?"

"Mighty One, I'm not sure it's really a good idea to-."

"I know it has been many years. Many.. ages, perhaps. Sometimes I was able to see through his eyes and such sights I saw confounded me, but I must know!"

"Alright. Difficult to be sure, but my best... The best estimates I was able to see before I set this up said that you died about five thousand years ago.

"Five thousand..?" I see the pain on his face. "And the wizard still lives, and has anointed a new champion. It is some cruel joke. Does anything of Kahndaq remain?"

"Oh, yes, there's definitely a Kahndaq. Not sure exactly how the borders map on to the ones it had in your day."

"Kahndaq had no borders. It was the Nile, and such land as we could cultivate around it. What of its people? Its gods?"

"Population's a bit more varied, ethnically. About two and a half thousand years after your death it was conquered by the Hellens, from over the sea to the north, then later by the Romans. But you'd still recognise the faces of the people."

"But the gods. Was what he-" He gestures with his chin in the direction of Theodore, who has given up on getting rid of Pride and is now prowling his plate. "-said true? Do they no longer pray to our... To my gods?"

"No. They keep the surviving temples because touris-. Um, because travellers pay to see them. But the dominant religion in Kahndaq these days is Sunni Islam. It's a monotheistic religion which worships a benevolent omnipotent creator god."

"Omnipotent? Hah! My people had a creator god." He looks at the now slightly higher plate containing their statues. "Atum, who by his power forced matter into being from the primordial waters of chaos. But all powerful? No, it is too much. How could anyone relate to such a being? How may a man strive to become like a being that is all things?"

"Don't ask me. I'm an atheist."

"You.. do not believe.. at all?"

"Just because they exist, that's no reason to start believing in them."

He looks at me, his mouth slightly open. "You, are a strange man."

"Yes, but this isn't about me. It is -to quote the Vorlons and the Shadows- about who you are, and what you want."

"I? I want the wizard dead by my hand. I want the people of Kahndaq -my people- safe, prosperous and happy. I want to see my wife and my sons again. I want that beast-" He glares at Theodore, who sneers back. "-gone."

"Why? He's probably going to get to Shazam eventually, if only to protect himself. Or get killed. Either way, doesn't look like you really lose anything."

"The wizard... Shazam, deserves death for what he did to me. But as pharaoh I had... No, have.. a duty to my people. Everything I did, what the wizard condemned me for, was in the service of that duty. He knows nothing of duty, nothing of honour. He has no cause greater than his own fulfilment."

"And you do?"

"Yes. I know my homeland has changed, but my duty still gives me purpose."

"And yet you are still bound to Hate. Tell me, Mighty One: if you had to choose between your duty and your Hate, which would you choose?"

"And I say 'duty', and I am free? Fine! Duty! Duty is more important than hate."

"No, Mighty One. You can lie to the world, but you can't lie to Ma'at. Not in a meaningful way."

"Do you understand what you are asking of me?"

I take another look at the Eater of Souls below us. Is it getting bigger?

"All that time. Five thousand years, the only thing that kept me sane was the desire to take revenge. And now you expect me to just toss it away?!"

"It would probably be for the best, but Theodore over there isn't chained up to Pride. Maybe you just need to re-evaluate your priorities." I make small circling motions with my hands. "Put it this way. If there was some great catastrophe about to befall Kahndaq that would destroy it entirely and you knew for certain there was no other way, could you swallow your hatred and ask Shazam for aid?"

"Of course he couldn't! I don't really care about the wizard, but him? Didn't you read the hieroglyphs in his tomb?"

"I know that I should..."

"Kahndaq needs you, Mighty One. Its current ruler is a tyrant on a scale earlier generations could only dream of."

He looks at me in disbelief. "Does he take the penises of his defeated enemies as trophies in battle?"

"He did have five hundred people tortured to death last year, not counting executions or torture survivors. He likes to watch, sometimes. As I recall Kahndaqi armies generally only took penises as trophies from the dead. You see, that's why I'm doing this. You are the only one I can think of who is both powerful enough to sort it out, and committed enough to actually stick at it. And if your love for your people, your commitment to your duty, isn't strong enough-."

"DO NOT PRESUME TO LECTURE ME ON DUTY!" He tries lunging forwards and is brought up short by the chains. His eyes are filled with rage. "Everything I did was for my people, before I was chosen by the gods and after. I-."

"You murdered your own father to take his throne!" Theodore seems to find this amusing. "It doesn't seem that we're quite so dif-."

"You think I liked doing that? My father was a bloody-handed tyrant who demanded that our people worship him as a living god! And when he-."

"Impudent, wasn't he? Proclaiming his divinity while standing next to you. I understand completely. I would not have acted any other way myself."

Teth Adam surges to his feet, striding to the edge of his platform.

"What I did, I did without choice. In the name of peace and sanity. My sense of duty is what separates me from him and from you and while I will never let my hatred go I will always rise above it."

That worked, sort of. Chains are gone, but Hate's still there and the plates haven't moved. No. Movement? Both platforms shift as the Ibis headed statue vanishes from Theodore's counterweight platform and appears on Teth's, causing his balance to balance. Teth looks around and drops to his knees.

"I thank you for your faith, Lord Zehuti. I swear that I will prove worthy of it."

"Oh come on! Really! That was all it took! Fine." He turns to look at Teth and the god statues, his arms held open and low. "Toth. Zehuti. Whatever you're called. I am part of a group that has combined magic, biotechnology and cybernetics is a way that has never before occurred on Earth! The ritual I used when I killed the Batsons? I invented that, by combining the blood magics of the Aztecs with the binding rites of the Diablo Islanders! And you know what I learned about myself doing it? I don't want to rule, I don't want to conquer. I certainly don't want to murder my own father. I don't want to be troubled by the affairs of ants at all!" He locks his eyes on the back of Teth Adam's head. "What I want is power, inherent in myself. What I want is to associate only with those whose capacities match my own. What I want are challenges worthy of me. You." He shifts his attention to me. "Do you think I care about the ransom money?"

"Mister Napier rather gave me the impression it was more about having fun causing devastation. You've killed at least a thousand people, by the way."

He smiles. "And not one of them matters at all. No. Vertigo wants the money. Joker just wants to hurt people. I? I did this as a challenge to people like you. People worth fighting. And as soon as the drug you gave me wears off and this pointless psychodrama fades into memory I will tear your head from your shoulders and take your power ring for myself as the next stage of my ascendancy. But, when I do that, I will not hate you. In fact, I thank you for providing me with such a challenge."

Envy and Selfishness disappear from the perimeter and reappear on his plate.

"Bah! As if it matters while I have the gods' favour."

"You murdered people to steal my power?"

"Yes. Yes, I did. Clarence and Marilyn Batson. They had a son and a daughter, I think. They weren't Kahndaqi if that's what's bothering you."

Teth turns to me.

"You! You have heard him. You can give testimony-."

"As if it matters! I've killed hundreds since becoming Black Adam, and the greatest thing any of them achieved in their entire lives was to provide me with some temporary amusement. I will never face a trial. I will never be taken to court. At absolute worst, I will die at the hands of one of my peers in this fight or some other. And I think that.. would be a good death."

Injustice appears next to him. He looks at it for a moment, unconcerned.

"Hm. So what now, Orange Lantern? Neither the primitive nor I are prone to Laziness and you yourself are sitting on Greed. I win, four sins and five gods to his one sin and one god. I am Black Adam!"

Teth shifts his position so that he is now kneeling facing the other god statues. "You are indeed an unclean and impious man. I am Adom, prince and pharaoh of Kahndaq, hailed by the people of Kahndaq as Mighty Adom for my successes in war with the Nubians. While I cannot swear that my every decision was pleasing to Ma'at I strove always to rule justly and if my people are now oppressed by some foul tyrant I will cast them down."

The goat-headed god with the head dress vanishes from Theodore's counterweight and appears on Teth Adam... Adom's side. The balances move once more.

"No!"

"I thank you for your favour, Lord Heryshaf. I will use your gift of strength ever to defend your people."

Theodore looks desperately at the remaining god statues. "Shu... Two lions... Aker? But the scrolls didn't say-. Fine. Atum, yes, and Montu. So I was told wrong. Gods and styles of art and worship change over millennia. I still have the favour of more of them than you do."

"Not for long."

"Lord Shu, for five thousand years my spirit has endured being bound to my corpse by my enemy, the wizard Shazam. My mind and my purpose remain intact. I humbly ask-."

"Lord Shu! I have... I can..."

Yeah, he's got nothing. To be honest, I'm impressed with how on the ball Teth Ad- Teth Adom is. Five thousand years with no stimulation. Maybe his gods kept him company? Not like they've had much to do lately.

"Lord Shu, I have repeatedly fought against beings who were my physical equal! It is my greatest pleasure, a contest of skill, strength, speed and endurance. Without-."

The statue of the kneeling man supporting the cloud disappears from his counterweight, and reappears on Teth Adom's. The balances shift once more. Ammut's head is now facing upward, his mouth open. I didn't see him move. And is he getting bigger?

"No! Why! I am more worthy!"

"Apart from murder, what deeds have you performed without the gods' gifts? When have you fought for your life from necessity and not ego? When I fought the Nubians I stood on the front line knowing that the sling of the least skilled peasant among them could end my life with a lucky shot. What have you ever done that required courage?"

"What have you ever done that mattered! One tiny skirmish that didn't even alter your own border and that is what you lay before Montu? I have used the gods' power to fight the mightiest living beings on Earth! I didn't even know the extent of my power when I challenged the might of the Wisconsin National Guard!"

"Pppfffffffffffhahahahahah!" He whips his head around to glare at me. "What, was Maine a bit of a trek? Hawaii too hot for you? Or are you just really lactose intolerant? You're seriously boasting about fighting Wisconsin?"

"They were aided by Captain Marvel, the wizard's new champion!"

"I seem to remember reading that you ran away from him."

"I distracted him by destroying one of the supports on the Fawcett City Bridge and he elected to help the ants rather than continue to fight me!"

"Which allowed you the time to run away. Oh look, there goes Lord Montu."

"No! Damn it! Atum! My research into magic formed a core component of the plant weapon that is even now ravaging major cities across the world!"

"While I was pharaoh I commissioned a series of defensive fortifications and temples. I also created a standardised code of law, courts and made a policy of transferring the population of conquered areas away from their homelands and allowing them to settle elsewhere rather than slaughtering or enslaving them. That was one of the causes of strife between myself and my father. I do not know if that custom survived..."

"Either it did, or it was reinvented. I remember hearing that the Babylonians did something similar to a city in Israel."

"That is good to know, though I do not recognise either of those nations. War is sometimes necessary, but wanton slaughter should be avoided where possible."

Looks like Atum agrees. Just Aker to go.

...

I don't know anything about Aker. What might Teth Adom have done to demonstrate his speed?

"Strength, Endurance, Power, Wisdom, Courage... Aker is god of horizons and boundaries. What does that have to do with speed?!"

"The lions at his side represent the passage of time, yesterday and tomorrow. Aker also stands at the gate to the underworld and removes the death wounds on the souls of those who pass by. If you had ever stood vigil by the side of a dying comrade you would know just how swift the change from life to death can be. And who but Aker could control the rate at which time passes and granting more of it to his favoured servant?"

"I had to work with great speed to conceal what I had done when I killed the Batsons. The authorities still believe the story that it was the work of bandits!"

"You know, I really don't think you're helping yourself by saying stuff like that."

"I doubt that there is anything that quite compares with five thousand years locked in a single room to grant an appreciation for the passage of time. By the sounds of it, I would have much work waiting for me if I were to return to the world of the living."

The statue of Aker joins the others. Theodore looks incensed, the scales lowering him to their lowest point yet. Ammut's jaws are wide open below us.

Nothing happens.

Teth Adom and I share a slightly confused look.

"Should something not have happened?"

"I was expecting something. I didn't want to bring this up before, but I really don't know what's happening to our bodies in the real world, and I've got a nasty suspicion that they're falling to Earth at considerable speed."

"Hah heh heh heh."

Come on, what comes next?

"You've done all this work and it still comes to nothing. The gods' power still protects me, but you have to concentrate to use your ring, don't you? I'll be bruised, you'll die, and you-" He squints up at Teth Adom. "You can go back to being a little voice in the back of my head. I can always make a new binding. Perhaps I will track down the Batsons' son to make the required sacrifice."

"No, you will not. Now that I have the gods' support I may once more call upon their power by speaking the wizard's name!"

"No!"

"Shu, Heryshaf, Aker, Zehuti, Atum and Montu. I pray to you, grant me your power that I may once more serve as your champion. Shazam!"

A bolt of orange lightning flies from me and strikes him in the chest. He throws back his head in a silent shout as the energy crackles around him. He grows a little, his musculature increasing in size though still nothing like Theodore's transformed form. An athlete rather than a body builder. Next, the black with gold trim uniform I am most familiar with replaces his kilt and necklace. He floats into the air, marvelling at his newfound vitality.

"It's not happening it's not happening it's not happening..."

Theodore is curled up in a ball on his plate, shrivelled back to his true form. For some reason he's still wearing his costume but it hasn't shrunk with him and it just emphasises how much smaller he has become.

"Thank you, oh gods of Kahndaq. May I prove myself worthy of the blessing you have bestowed upon me."

He looks at me.

"How do we return to-?"

"No! I will not be weak again!"

"The gods have turned from you, criminal. You have no-."

"There is more than one source of power here! I call upon the Lords of Hell! Enemies of Man, grant me your powers! Sabbac!"

Ma'at releases her grip on his scales, and it drops into Ammut's waiting jaws.

"NNNNNNOOOOOOAAAAAAGGGGHHHHHH!"

Teth Adom and I look down as his screams are cut off. Ammut doesn't seem to have gone anywhere. Alright, up to me. Another conceptual gate?

Portal.

An orange lantern sigil appears at my feet and another appears on Teth Adom's platform. They twist, rotate and move upwards and I open my eyes to the stinging wind and ground!

1st October
19:01 GMT -6

Tree mud water fly!

Unable to comply. Low pow-.

"Armour!"

The construct flashes into being an instant before I slam into the mud, the shockwave from my terminal velocity impact sending dirty water flying in all directions before I strike the more solid ground beneath and get sent into a tumbling bounce.

"Gyouygh!"

I pull in my arms and legs as I hit a tree, smashing through the trunk and into the ground behind. Another bounce and a row of bushes are torn asunder before I make final splashdown in a small pond. The wave made by my impact send a wave shooting to the muddy banks even as I sink below the murky green waters.

Fffffeeeeeeuuuuuwwww. What a relief.

In the light of the armour construct I can see the cracks from damage it took protecting me. I'm not sure exactly how much energy a terminal velocity drop into mud puts into the droppee but I imagine that it's a lot. Good work, armour. Now I just have to hope that stuff with Teth Adom actually happened. If it didn't then John owes me a refund, but from the way Theodore was acting beforehand something happened when I destroyed the scarab. Right, next step.

Ring, charge?

Ten percent remaining.

Not sure what that power got spent on, but I suppose that can be a concern for later. Can't fly out, so start walking. Wading. Ring, map. Thank you. Need to contact the rest of the team. Not sure if the plasma pistol is completely water proof, so I'll recover that from subspace after I get out.

**Orange Lantern to team. Provisional mission-kill on Black Adam. Count Vertigo-**

Ring? Ah, good.

**-collared and wandering the swamp in a daze.**

I think I remember something about him having a problem with his inner ear which his device -now mine- corrected. Certainly looks that way from how he's behaving. The bank of the pond is steep and a little diffuse, but I find some exposed roots and start hauling myself out.

**Could I please have an update?**

**Good work. The plant control network is down but we are -ah!- sorely pressed.**

**Be with you as soon as I can, Aqualad.**

Hm. If the vine is destroyed then with a little luck...

Ring, location of team.

The ring adds the distance and direction to the armour's HUD as I break the surface and pull myself fully out, water and gunk running off my armour. Behind me, seventy metres. I pull myself to my feet. Alright, shouldn't take.. too...

I'm looking at a golden boot, hovering over the pond. Its partner is next to it, toes pointing downwards slightly. Coming out of the boots are black leggings. I take a breath. Time to find out whether I'm boned or not. Gold sash, lightning bolt cape, athletic build and I throw my arms in the air in triumph!

"Yes!"

"I am glad that you find my appearance so pleasing."

"Gotta be honest with you Mighty One, I was not sure that would work."

Unlike Theodore, he doesn't scowl by default. His expression is blank, or stern, perhaps. He unfolds his arms from the front of his chest and raises his right hand to examine it.

"It is.. strange, to be flesh again after so long. And in this place. I have never see a.. a bayou before."

Ophidian's Eyes.

Yep, I can only see one set of desires. Should probably get Mister J'onzz to make sure at some point, just in case. I blink them away as he recrosses his arms.

"I wondered, while we were in the dream, if perhaps you were the wizard, projecting yourself into my soul as some strange sort of test. Or maybe even the embodiment of Lord Atum himself."

"Sorry to disappoint."

"Oh, I am very far from disappointed." He cocks his head to the side, listening to something. "But perhaps we should leave this for later. Now, I think I should remonstrate with Theodore's former comrades."

His face twists as he names his predecessor. Or should that be successor?

"I'll catch you up."

He nods, and is gone in a roar of displaced air. Right.

**Orange Lantern to team. I have turned Black Adam. Repeat, I have turned Black Adam. He's inbound now.**

**You what?**

**Turned to our side, Kid Flash. He shou-.**

**He's here. Oh. Oh, God... **

Through his eyes I see Teth Adom holds Wotan's collar in one hand and Wotan's severed right arm in the other before he hurls him to the ground. Maaaaybe I should have thought this bit through better.

**He's five thousand years old, you need to explain our rules of engagement!**

Oh dear, is Teth Adom going to understand English? I've only got five percent power left until we're reduced to charades unless Zehuti's Wisdom portfolio includes modern linguistics. Would M'gann be able to communicate telepathically?

**Miss Martian.**

**On it, Aqualad.**

It seems Kaldur had the same thought. That should save the Injustice Gang's lives, assuming that Wotan doesn't bleed out. He should know some healing spells, right? More importantly, it won't stop Teth Adom from making friendly contact with the Justice League which would be pretty much off the table if any of these mass murdering criminals died. Will this be tried in Louisiana? Do they have the death penalty? I certainly hope so, but supervillains seemed to be able to duck that sort of thing in the comics with little difficulty. I look around, trying to find the best route through the swamp before the ring plots it for me. Running's a nonstarter, but with the ring improving my awareness of my immediate environment I can manage a decent jogging pace. Is it normal for there to be this many flowers around at this time of year?

I hold out my right hand.

Ring, gun.

One of the red plasma pistols appears in my hand. Not that I think Teth Adom is going to leave anyone standing, but don't places like this have alligators? Low power and short range.

"Well look who tried to skip the party."

I stop. Napier? Gun to ready position.

"Good evening Mister Napier. If you could please come out with your hands raised?"

Ring, locate him.

Compliance.

He's standing eleven metres away, behind a bush. Not sure his brain would respond in the normal way to a StunCrown. Weapons? Two knives and some odd looking gloves. Some dangerous chemicals, but not in a significant quantity and I might just be reading him. I'm having a bit of a flashback to my 'fight' with Mister Crock.

"Can't do that. I'm trying to be a responsible dog owner."

Dog?

"We'll see what we can do about getting you visitation rights." I raise the pistol in his direction.

"Aren't you a swell guy? Thank the man, Rover."

Rover?

"Grrrrrrrr!"

I swing to my right as the white mass of fur leaps out of the undergrowth!

In the moments before the supersized canine hits me I get a clear view of its fur. White, but for a patch around its head which someone -presumably Napier- has dyed green. I don't think that anyone but him would have put the crimson lipstick on either. I line up the gun and fire as it leaps. Fur is burnt along its chest but it still has enough momentum to barrel into me.

Brace.

My pistol is knocked aside. It's aiming for my throat, but is wrong-footed when its considerable mass doesn't push me over. It takes half a second to recover before it locks its jaws around my head. The view of the inside of its mouth as it chomps on my armour is a little disturbing, but not really any worse than the rats in India. Looks like another Venom Buster case.

Ring, purge.

Unable to comply. Scan protection in effect.

Of course it is. Luckily I didn't land on my head after my return to Earth so the dog? Wolf? Is biting the strongest part of my armour. Maybe I should do what I did to Mister Huang, but I'm at ten percent power and about to get into a fight with a group of supervillains. I manipulate my pistol to a better angle, dial the power up to medium and fire point blank into its side. It falls sideways with a whimpering yelp.

That is one freaky looking wolf. Alright, Napier next, then-.

"Raaaar!"

The wolf leaps back to its feet and hurls itself at my left leg, biting the construct armour and shaking its head from side to side.

Infrasonic.

"Do you like him? When the big gorilla told me about them I knew I just had to get one of my own. Maybe I'm getting broody? Ha ah ah."

The wolf doesn't seem to be noticing the infrasonic waves and continues to worry my leg as the armour starts to crack in earnest. Dogs. That was why Doctor Munro hesitated. They weren't working on dogs, they were working on wolves. Okay, still shouldn't be-.

"Couldn't just take them off the peg, so I added a little Gotham fever. Wotan did something to give the little guy a little extra pep as well. Who'da thought teamwork could be so much fun?"

I bring the pistol up, switch it to high power and shoot the wolf in the head. Flesh melts away from the right side of its face and its right eye bursts. Then the flesh regrows and the eye reforms and it keeps at me. A normal wolf could tear apart a man's leg and I've no doubt that the moment my armour construct fails this thing will do that to me.

"I did the lipstick myself. He was having trouble applying it. You just can't get it in paw-friendly sticks out here."

**I'm at low power and being attacked by a augmented wolf. I could really use some help if anyone's free!**

Warning; low power. Eight percent remaining.

Reknit armour.

Compliance.

The cracks disappear from everywhere but the leg that the wolf is attacking. There they flicker from repaired to damaged as the wolf cracks it anew.

Warning; low power. Seven percent remaining.

The inside of its mouth might be more vulnerable, but I'm not sure I can hit it from here. Can I shoot off its jaw? Not sure. I dial the pistol down to shortest range, hold it near the side of its face and pull the trigger. A flash of red light and it loses its grip. I end the brace effect and take a few hurried steps backwards. High power shots tend to deplete the pistol's power cell quickly and I don't have a solution to the wolf yet.

"Aaaaaaggrrrrrrrrrr."

The wolf can't growl properly with its jaw hanging off, but the muscles begin reattaching even as I watch. Assimilate it? Try to hope it can't heal back brain damage? A second pistol might-.

An orange shape rushes through the undergrowth and catches the wolf in the side, bowling it over. It's feline and.. Teekl? Teekl's grown to the size of an adult lion and is currently sinking her teeth and claws into the wolf. With a wet snapping noise she tears her muzzle free, taking a wodge of its back with it. The wolf tries to return the favour but is pinned to the ground by her extended claws and can't get its head around to bite her. Tossing the meat aside, she attacks again before the flesh can regrow. This time there's a crunch and the wolf shudders and goes still as she breaks its spine. I quickly run forwards, put the barrel of the pistol up to its eye and pull the trigger. In a flash its skull is hollowed out, baked from the inside.

I step back, gun ready in case it is still able to regenerate. Doesn't look like it. Ring?

No regenerative activity detected. Addendum, this ring cannot identify certain forms of magic effect.

Reassuring. I walk up to Teekl. "Good cat."

"Teekl top hunter."

She expands her jaws too far beyond their natural proportion, clamps them around the dead wolf's neck and bites down. Its head is separated from the body and she holds it up as a trophy.

"Teekl rule. Dog drool."

"Not anymore it doesn't. I didn't know you could grow like that, Teekl."

"Teekl awesome. Teekl beat whole dog group."

"How many-?"

There's a woosh of displaced air behind me as Teth Adom flies into the clearing, Napier held in his hands by his lapels. He takes in the scene.

"You are uninjured?"

"Yes. Any casualties?"

"The battle is won, and won well. The youth in yellow was somewhat mauled, but the wound did not seem mortal and the archer was tending to him. I saw no other serious injuries."

I nod. I can heal Wallace-.

"Well you're about to see one reeeeeeal close." The Joker's right hand goes to his left lapel, and a spray of dark green gas squirts out of his buttonhole flower!

Environmental shield!

An orange line connects me to Teth Adom. Would Smilex affect him? Don't know, don't want to find out, don't know if I was fast enough.

"Good, ain't it?" The Jok-. Napier turns his head to look at me. "You don't know if it worked. I don't know if it worked. We're all just on-."

Teth Adom releases the lapels and transfers his hold to Napier's face, thumbs just under his eyes. Then he rises slightly into the air, his face emerging from the vapour cloud.

"That was your 'Joker Toxin', was it not? I possess Theodore's memories of its effects."

"Hate to break it to you big guy, but I don't have the slightest idea what you're saying."

"You kill people with euphoria while polluting the air with your demented cackling." He begins exerting pressure, twisting Napier's head back. "No more silly faces."

"Adom! Stop!"

"Why?!" He sounds more startled than angry. "So he can go on to kill more people? How heavily do Ma'at's scales weigh against him already?"

"Very heavily, I imagine."

"The green woman told me that you do not kill your foes, but this.. animal... Why? Why should he be spared the fate he has inflicted on so many others?"

What answer would he accept?

"He shouldn't. He thoroughly deserves to die."

"Heh! New at this.. hero thing.. are ya? I'll admit... Interesting.. change of.. pace..."

StunCrown.

An orange line connects me to Napier and he goes still. Adom checks him for life and then looks at me with confusion on his face. "Why? If you agree he deserves it..."

"Because we, we are not the rightful authorities. This country has laws and honest judges and it is to them we leave these decisions. Would you have accepted people enacting justice in your kingdom, save by your leave?"

His face stills as he thinks about it. "I would not." He nods. "Very well, I shall stay my hand. At least until I understand this land better." He moves Napier's recumbent body to underneath his right arm, before turning to give Teekl a look over. "The cat is yours? You show excellent judgement in your choice of companion."

"This is weirding me out."

Wallace stares as Adom drops the bewildered Count Vertigo into the mud outside of his former base, his collared companions looking on. Wotan's just finished healing himself, and Kaldur lowers the trident he had pointed at the back of the man's head while Artemis snaps magic suppression bracers around his arms. They're usually used by Atlanteans for imprisoning dangerous mages. I only found out they existed when Kaldur mentioned them on the bioship journey in, though I should have realised that logically they'd have to have something like that.

Would this place be worth leaving as a tourist attraction, or will whoever's in charge of this place want it destroyed? I mean, aside from the hole in the roof where the vine got weedkillered it's pretty intact. The League at least will want to go over everything left looking for clues. The surrounding plant life certainly looks vigorous enough to recolonise the area.

"I mean, that's Black Adam, grade A bad guy."

The wolf that attacked me had eight pack mates, and one of them got a grip on Wallace's right arm before Kon was able to pull its jaws apart. Bone's fractured and blood is continuing to soak through the bandage Artemis applied. Teekl joined the others when they disembarked from the bioship but she only grew after the Injustice Mob unleashed the hounds. Those that survived Teekl and Adom either succumbed to their wounds or to whatever crap Napier put in their systems.

"And he's helping?"

I lay my right hand on his chest. "Wholeness Rightly Assumed." A wave of orange passes through him and I see the small cuts on his face disappear. "Feel better?"

"Yeah, I..." He flexes his right arm a couple of times. "Huh. Thanks, Oh El."

"At the risk of repeating myself, not Black Adam. Teth Adom."

"Meaning..?"

"Uhh... Literally, it would be something like 'the gods have made him mighty'. I told you that Theodore was using the soul of a dead hero as a power source?"

"And that's him? Well, how did he get out? And where did normal Black Adam go?"

"Theodore bound his soul to an amulet which I destroyed during our fight. I used a magic powder to enter their shared psyche and helped Adom prove his worth to his gods."

"And Theo Adam?"

"Ma'at fed his soul to Ammut."

He squints. "His soul.. got eaten.. by a dog."

"No, not ay mutt, ah mutt. It's a sort of crocodile-lion-hippopotamus thing that ancient E... That ancient Kahndaqis believed ate the souls of those judged unworthy after their deaths. I guess accepting power from their gods meant that he also accepted their right to judge him."

"Whow. Harsh. So he just takes over Theo's body?"

"Yes. Pretty much, anyway. I think what they transform into depends on how they want to look. Theodore looked like a power lifter because that's how he sees strength. But Adom's better adjusted so he looks pretty much like he did in life."

I watch as Adom descends to speak to Kaldur, though he stays a little way off the ground. M'gann and Artemis stand nearby, forming a perimeter around the captured criminals.

"Where'd Robin and Kon get to?"

"They went inside to try and secure evidence. You know, apart from my arm this mission went really smoothly."

I tense, but nothing happens. And if it wasn't going to happen then, we must really be in the clear. I take a moment to look at the villains. Mass murderers all, the only one with skills which could be useful enough to excuse her continued existence is Isley. Do I try talking to her? I exhale as I consider it. I probably should. Even if nothing comes of it, I'll at least know that I tried. Nodding to Wallace, I walk in their direction.

Napier's propped up against an exposed tree trunk, still immobile. Vertigo's lying on the ground, shaking and whimpering. Should I give him his balance control thingy back? No, I don't think so. Wotan's whispering something to the Ultra-Humanite, but quietens himself as I approach. Atomic Skull pretty much collapsed when the collar found the setting to block him and has just been staring into space since. None of them are worth my time. Isley's standing a little way away from the others, examining a vine that appears to have gone into unseasonal fruit.

"Pamela Isley."

No immediate response.

"Doctor Is-."

"There is no Isley." She hisses the name, not bothering to turn around. "I was Poison Ivy, and once this collar comes off I will be again."

This isn't going to work, is it?

"Have you ever considered that.. just perhaps, killing hundreds of people isn't the best way to communicate an ecological message? Have you ever considered-?"

She turns around, snarling, and I see Artemis notch an arrow.

"No. I will not deal with meat. I am Gaia's champion-."

"But you're not, are you? If you mean Gaia as in the Titan, that's Wonder Woman. If you mean Gaia as in the embodiment of Earthly plant life, that's Alec Holland."

A pause, then a moment of recognition. "Alec Holland is dead."

"He didn't seem very dead last time I went to visit him."

She frowns in confusion. I think she knew his work. She might even respect him. Then she shakes her head. "No. You're lying."

"Come on. You've been here for weeks and you didn't feel anything? About seventy kilometres in that direction?"

I point in the approximate direction of Houma. She looks like she's thinking about it. Would she have felt him? Could he get her back onto the straight and narrow, or at least sane enough for a trial? Would he bother? I did try talking to Abigail about more intelligent uses for his abilities, but all that did was give her the impression I was trying to own him. John must have left a very bad impression.

Then a thick vine bursts forth from the swamp. It's identical to the ones that have been ravaging the world's cities and is swiftly followed by others. Five, six, seven, oh not good. Armour.

"Rise, my babies! Scour these impudent mammals from the swamps!"

Yeah, lost cause there. The vines continue to rise and thicken, reaching out and twisting around each other for support. Two main trunks emerge, fusing together about ten meters up and continuing to grow. Isley's blocked and Napier's control gloves are sitting in subspace. What's doing this? The main trunk sprouts two clusters of the grab flower things that the vines in the cities have been using to smash cars. About thirty metres up they bud on opposite sides and the vines they're on extend downwards. At the top I see some sort of mound forming as the growth spurt comes to an end. Smaller spore pods packed with Smilex dot the epidermis.

"Yes! Yes!"

Isley's ecstatic, though the other villains are less sanguine.

Wait.

Two 'arms', two 'legs' and a mound at the top. Oooooooh.

Swamp Thing bends at the waist to have a better look at us, far below him. He doesn't look very impressed.

The colossus turns its torso around slowly, taking all of us in with glowing red eyes. It... he, doesn't seem to have a neck, and his torso seems somewhat stiff. None of us move, perhaps not wanting to attract his attention. Isley's staring up with what I imagine is religious awe. Two things are running through my mind. The first is that this is the first potential opponent I've seen here against whom I have literally no chance. Destroy one avatar and he creates a new one. Or a dozen new ones. He can control the Smilex bearing vines and the microscopic plants inside our bodies. None of us have any weapon that can directly attack his true energy based self. I really hope Adom doesn't jump the gun on this one.

**Orange Lantern, is that..?**

**Yes, Aqualad. That's Swamp Thing.**

The second? Bog god bog god bog god bog god bog god bog god bog god bog god bog god bog god bog god bog god bog god bog god bog god. I hope someone else says something first, because I don't want to say that. Not only is it a bit rude but it would also associate me in his mind with John, and their relationship was rocky at best.

Still staring upwards, Isley walks away from the group to a point directly in front of Swamp Thing. I don't remember them ever meeting in the comics and I've got no idea what his response to her is going to be. She shouldn't be able to control him, especially with the collar on. Out of the corner of my eye I see Robin and Kon emerge from the top of the Dome. Robin keeps his head down. Kon looks like he's carrying something.

"Oh. Oh, mighty..."

Swamp Thing's head reorientates on Isley immediately and she trails off.

"You."

The tangle of vines making up his head move a little, becoming a bit more face-like. She starts to look a little nervous.

"Y-yes? I am Poison Ivy, and I-."

His right arm raises a little, then shoots down and grabs her before hauling her up to the level of his face. The arm itself is thin and bends in an inverted U shape to do this and I've got no idea how it's got any strength to it.

"Your.. voice. Always... On the edge of hearing. Whining, screeching, demanding voice! Be... Silenced."

The flowers start to wrap around her.

"No! Wait! What have I done?! I only wanted-!"

"The Green is... Not your playground. We care not for your causes, your pettiness."

He brings his left arm around and clasps his second flower cluster around the first. Oh heck, he isn't going to kill her, is he?

"By command of the... Parliament of Trees... I cast you out."

He retracts his left arm and lowers his right to the ground, dropping Isley into the mud. Alright, what was that ab-.

Oh.

Isley's hair is now brown. Her skin, which had been pale green, is now a more normal Caucasian flesh tone. She lies in the mud, her knees drawn up to her chest with her arms around then. She's shaking, staring blankly in front of her.

She's been cut off.

**You know Oh El, when you described Swamp Thing I was really thinking more along the lines of Floronic Man. Are we going to need to fight that?**

**Sorry Robin, but there wouldn't be much point. Aqualad, do you mind if I try talking to him?**

Swamp Thing continues to watch Isley. I don't remember him ever being slow about killing people from the comics, so I can only assume that he doesn't particularly want her to die.

**Go ahead.**

Me and my big... I start walking towards Isley.

"Excuse me! Doctor Holland!"

The face and two deep red eyes swing in my direction. Oh heck, I could stand at the bottom of one of those eyes and my head wouldn't reach the top.

"No. Not... Holland."

"Alright. Um. Swamp Thing. I did try and get in touch with you earlier."

"I have been... Here. I felt... A disturbance, but when I arrived the wards on this place confused... Me."

"Quite understandable. We couldn't-."

"Wait. You are the one... Who spoke to Abigail."

"It's not as if you have a phone number."

His right arm comes around, flower head stopping three metres away. It's... sniffing me?

"You reek of Constantine's magic."

Ooh.

"Yes, I've been working with him."

"You will not contact my wife again."

Oh no you don't.

"Why not? Do you realise how easy it would have been for us to clear this up if we'd been able to contact you from the start? How many lives could have been saved?"

He looms over me, kneeling in the mud. Gosh that's a lot of Smilex pods.

"The Green is not at your beck and call."

"Never said it was. You don't want Abigail involved, fine. Give us a way to contact you directly -in situations like this only- and she'll never hear from us again. You know we can't force you to do anything, but you got involved here anyway. Wouldn't it be better to coordinate with us?"

His eyes narrow slightly, then his right arm twitches. The flower hand withers and dies as the seedpod behind it expands and ripens into a pale orange vein covered tuber.

"Take it. Plant it. If you... Wish to speak with me, consume one of... The fruits."

I walk over to it, form a blade construct and support it from underneath as I cut it off. It's a rough sphere with a diameter of about twenty centimetres. The outer surface is softer than I would have expected.

"Do not seek... Me out otherwise. AND DO NOT SHARE IT WITH CONSTANTINE."

I nod, meeting his eyes once more.

"Thank you. You see how easy-."

His eyes go dim and soft green growth goes brown and woody. I get ready to dash to the side as it creaks and tilts, but it settles and remains stable. Guess he's abandoned avatar. Don't think I should risk subspacing the fruit, just in case that has some effect on the magic. Need to test that. M'gann helps the traumatised Isley to her feet and back to the other villains. I feel a brief twinge of sympathy, but suppress it by reminding myself what she did to deserve it. Once Isley's settled, I'll ask M'gann to take the fruit to the bioship for safekeeping.

Adom floats around to stare at Swamp Thing's now vacant head. I should probably explain this whole thing to him. Robin and Artemis lower their weapons, and Kon makes his way down the outer surface of the dome.

Is that a puppy?

**That was nicely handled.**

**Thank you Aqualad.** I think for a moment. It's a bit of a long shot, but... **Think we could build an arboretum in the mountain?**

"No, my people never literally believed that our gods had the heads of beasts."

I'm not sure whether Robin overcame his concerns about Teth Adom's presence, or just asked an impertinent question to mask it. He's sitting on the shoulder of Swamp Thing's former Avatar, and Adom is floating just in front of him with his arms crossed. Fortunately, Adom has decided to treat it as a serious question and just as fortunately I've got just enough power to translate for them.

"It was an artistic shorthand. Just as certain beasts were ascribed with certain traits or were associated with particular territories, so a god who possessed those traits or whose cult was centred in that area might be shown as having a head of that animal."

Kon's got the wolf pup wrapped in a blanket taken from the Dome. Once the Ultra-Humanite realised that it was still alive he started volunteering information in an attempt to preserve what he terms 'an invaluable experimental subject'. According to him, Brain was going to use the wolves for perimeter defence until he realised that one of the females was pregnant. That pup got a shot of Danner Formula and if the poor little mite lives, she'll be nearly as strong as her newly adopted father. At the moment, her eyes are still shut and she whines constantly for her mother. Turns out that telling your ring not to translate dog doesn't automatically mean that it won't translate wolf.

"In public places the animal headed depiction was more common, but in other places they might be shown as fully human or in more abstract ways. I suppose it is unlikely that much of our artwork has survived this long."

"Well, the pyramids are still there."

Synthesising wolf milk shouldn't be a problem for the ring, but we're going to need to contact some sort of expert on canine behaviour when she gets a little older. She has the same white fur as Napier's ex-pet, which I suppose might mean that she's his daughter. Not going to waste what little charge I have left checking. Teekl's still in Battlecat mode, circling Kon and sniffing at the small furry bundle. I certainly hope she finds it less offensive than a full sized one.

"The what..?"

I put my right hand to the side of my mouth. "Pyramids were after his death, Robin."

"Oh, ch, right. Here, I'll show you."

He generates a holographic screen with his computer, brings up an image and holds out his arm. Adom floats a little to the side for a better look as Kaldur walks up to me.

**Members of the League will be here shortly.** I nod. He looks over at Teth Adom. **In light of the presence of our new friend, I feel I should warn you that Captain Marvel will be among them.**

**I discussed my plan with him before hand. It won't come as a complete surprise.** I frown, and look at our prisoners. **How are we going to move them out of the swamp?**

**Your friend Lantern Gardner will be handling prisoner transport. Arrangements have been made for them to be held in Belle Reve pending a final decision on where they will stand trial.**

**They're sending Napier to Belle Reve?**

**Temporarily. It is the closest facility secure enough to house him. I do not believe that he will be mixing with the general population.**

I nod.

"Alright, I got a question."

Adom stops squinting at the screen and looks over to Wallace, who dashed up Swamp Thing and is now hovering at Robin's shoulder.

"You may ask."

"What's with the ears?"

Adom's right hand twitches up for a moment, as if reaching up to touch them. "Ah. That."

"Yeah. I mean, if it's really personal or something-."

"No, no. A little.. embarrassing, perhaps." **May we continue this mentally?**

Wallace nods.

**My father wished to be seen as a living god. Part of his method for that was to make himself physically distinct from the common people. He would wear makeup in complex patterns, affect certain strange manners of behaviour. He also had the royal chirurgeon.. trim.. his ears. And, since I was the son and heir of this new god, when I was very young he ordered mine trimmed as well. It was the gods' own mercy that I did not die of some infection as a result.**

**He did that just so you would look different?**

**Otherworldly, yes. And it worked, to an extent.**

**So why did.. you know... The other guy have the same thing?**

**I assume that he saw my picture on the wall of my tomb and assumed that it was caused by transformation. A sign of power. He-.**

His head snaps around. What has he..? Ah. Hawkman, Hawkwoman and Guy Gardner fly into the clearing carrying Mister Zatara, Batman, Green Arrow and Black Canary on a glowing green platform. Adom has eyes only for Captain Marvel. Marvels slows as he sees Adom but continues to head towards him, coming to a full stop about four metres away and slightly above, arms bent at his sides as if preparing to receive a charge. Guy lands the others, nods at me and then creates a glowing green birdcage around our prisoners while Marvel and Adom take each other in.

"So, you are the wizard's new champion."

"Yeah. And you're the spirit of his last one."

"Spirit and flesh, now."

"What d'you do to Theo Adam?"

"The gods fed his soul to Ammut."

"Meaning what, exactly?"

"It is destroyed. Utterly unmade. Nothing of him survives."

"Huh." He looks away for a moment. "Guess that's okay."

Adom rises up to his level. "You are called Captain Marvel, correct? I remember that this land does not have hereditary nobility. Were you a member of your nation's military before the... The wizard recruited you?"

"Ah, not exactly."

The bioship uncloaks and flies in to land. The other members of my team begin to walk towards it, but I want to stay on hand in case something goes wrong with Adom and Marvel.

"You know, when I told the wizard what Orange Lantern was planning to do, he said that you'd probably attack me on sight anyway."

"I had... Considered it, but now that I am once more counselled by Lord Zehuti I realise that you were not a party to the wizard's crimes against me. I have no more reason to assume that you are worthy of my wrath than I would have done a younger version of myself."

"And the wizard?"

Adom's face hardens. "He can wait."

Sounds like they'll be okay. Guy takes off, escorted by the Hawks. Adom watches them go, a puzzled frown furrowing his face. The other League members have headed to the Dome, I assume to start gathering evidence. Or maybe just to make the place safe. I don't see Batman OH FUCK HE'S STANDING RIGHT BEHIND ME! I theatrically put my right hand over my heart as he regards me.

"Orange Lantern. A word."

*Episode 15*: Inhumanity

3rd October
08:07 GMT -5

"...tells me that in this age a skirt is not an appropriate item of clothing for a man, but I am still not completely comfortable with thisss."

He spreads his arms and gestures at his bodysuit. Adom and I are in the staff dining room of the Themysciran embassy, eating breakfast. He's staying here until the League can think of somewhere more permanent for him to go. Batman seemed to be alright about what I did to make this happen, but he was right when he pointed out that I hadn't really planned for the next bit. I would have done, given a little more time, but in the mean time we've got a man who doesn't speak any modern languages and who's never seen iron before to introduce to this country.

Maybe the costume is a bad idea. I mean, he doesn't look all that much like Theodore Adam's transformed state, but if I've learned one thing during my time in this crazy world it's that people tend to see the costume and ignore everything else.

"I'm sure that if you wanted to wear something else a tailor could be found, Mighty One."

He shakes his head. "No, it is a trivial matter. Learning English and Kahndaqi Arabic is a far more urgent concern."

"How's that going?"

"Your princess has arranged for a tutor from a local school... No, they are called..." He frowns. "Universities? I teach them of Kahndaq-. Ancient Kahndaqi, I should say, and they teach me English in exchange. It is slow, but I can hardly require that you or one of the Martians escort me at all times." He smiles faintly. "Martians. To think that there are other worlds like ours..."

"And Arabic?"

"No. I am lucky enough to have a teacher who can understand Kahndaqi at all. Arabic will have to wait." He slices through a piece of bacon with his knife and holds it up on his fork. "They tell me that this is forbidden in Kahndaq, now. That the animal it is taken from is considered unclean. Do you know why that is?"

"It's a religious prohibition, but the underlying reason? No. I didn't think it was favoured in your time either."

He shakes his head. "Another change that occurred after my death. In my time we did not have the luxury of rejecting perfectly good food. It seems wasteful... but perhaps I should make an effort to conform?"

"Planning to convert to Islam?"

"Of course not, but it would not hurt to observe some of the traditions..." He lowers the fork and pushed the plate aside. "And what of you?"

"Today? The wizard who helped me with... you has finished designing an enchantment I wanted and I'm getting it tattooed onto my skin. Given how magic affects me I doubt I'll be much use for anything else for the rest of the day after that."

"When you said that you had no soul I had thought that you were using a metaphor. You must trust this wizard a great deal."

Um...

"On certain matters, yes. I trust him not to stab me in the back. I'll be taking Kaldur -Aqualad- with me even so."

And I asked Queen Mera to review his designs. According to her they should work as described, though she couldn't be certain. Nothing quite like this has ever been done before.

"At some point I should probably take the time to thank him for his efforts on my behalf."

Errrr...

"If you like, Mighty One. But John Constantine is a somewhat... Idiosyncratic man. Not always easy to get along with."

Adom waves my concern aside. "I used to run a country. I am certain that I can hold my temper around one irritating wizard, particularly when I am in his debt. Now, I shall take my leave."

He rises, and walks out of the room in the direction of the residential section. Ferdinand got the job of explaining modern plumbing to him and he got the hang of it immediately. Mostly. I saw him watching in horror at one of the charity workers taking a glass of water directly from a tap and had to do a quick off the cuff presentation of modern water treatment processes, but he's intelligent enough to realise that if we're doing something there is probably a reasonable reason for it.

Now for the other reason I'm here. I pick up the glasses, his plate and my bowl and head towards the kitchen. Ferdinand usually has the place to himself, though they hire people in during large events. As I push through the doors I see him putting the finishing touches to a leafy salad. I clean the crockery and return it to the correct cupboards. Ferdinand and I are both very particular about that sort of thing.

"Was something wrong with the bacon?"

Ferdinand's holding up the salad bowl and looking at it critically. His eyes are a bit further towards the front of his head than those of an actual bull would be, but he told me that his snout can still get in the way.

"No, but bacon's banned in Kahndaq. He doesn't want to do something which might offend his countrymen."

"Fair enough."

I lean back against the work surface and hold my arms across my chest. "So... The spear thing..."

"Yeah, look, I... I was a bit angry about some stuff, thought I'd take it out on a training dummy."

Ah, personal conversations. With someone I don't really know all that well. I mean, we've spent some time in each others company -mostly him watching me like a hawk-bull when I wanted to use the kitchens here- but I wouldn't say that we're close.

"Do you want to... talk about it? If not, I can probably create better sparring opponents than training dummies..?"

"Uhh." He sighs and tosses his head. "Leslie... We were talking about Christmas, and she wants me to spend it with her at her parents' place."

"That's great, isn't it?" Why wouldn't it..? Oh. "She has told them you're a... y'know..." I mime having horns.

He lowers his muzzle so that he can stare at me with both eyes. "Of course she has. It's not even them I'm really bothered by." He walks over to look out of the window onto the busy New York street below. "When I first came to New York with Diana, I got stared at a lot. I didn't like it but, fair enough, they hadn't seen anything like me before. Eventually, people here got used to me. I still get the occasional tourist wanting a picture but apart from that..."

He slumps a bit, putting his weight on his arms. There isn't a tribe of cow-headed people anywhere. The original Minotaur is still around somewhere and I found out that the two of them share a great grandfather, but apart from that he's never mentioned other family. Given that the mythological version of how the Minotaur came to be appears to be true, I haven't wanted to ask.

"I don't like getting stared at, and if we spend a week in Seattle I'm going to get nothing but people staring at me."

"Have you considered a disguise?"

He turns his head just enough to give me an incredulous look with his right eye.

"I mean, like, an illusion spell or something."

"Diana would just tell me that they'll get used to it."

"Well, luckily for you I'm not her. I know a guy who does good work, and.. I'm.. due to meet him in about two hours, if you want to come along?"

"Recognised, Aqualad B, zero two, Orange Lantern B, zero six."

Uuuuhhhhggghghhh....

I'm leaning on Kaldur as the lights fade and the zeta tube deposits us in the mountain. Tattoos are on, feeding tiny amounts of power into the whole body binding seals. I should start to feel better as the spill over from the inscribing process starts to be drawn away, but right now I feel rough as vulture sick. On the plus side: with a little luck I've started slowly growing a soul. John may have done the design work, but a woman named Clarice Sackville did the actual tattooing. Obviously I had to have my ring and Spell Eater off. I think Kaldur started talking to me about when he got his own tattoos done, but it's all a bit of a blur. We're both in civilian clothes, and I've added a leather jacket to my usual vest since I wasn't wearing the ring for most of my trip.

"...can't call her.... That!"

"Why not?"

Teekl's in big cat mode with the wolf pup on her head. I'm honestly finding it a bit freaky how cooperative she's being about our new resident. She's never been this friendly with the sphere. Puppy's eyes might not open for another week, but she's already getting used to the new smells. Kon and Artemis -both in uniform- seem to be arguing about something. Wallace looks like he's trying to keep out of it, plate of something in his left hand.

"What would you do if she ran off in a park?"

"Call her back."

"You'd shout that in a park!?"

"What seems to be the problem?"

Both look at Kaldur.

"Kon wants to call the puppy... Bitch."

...

I lose it.

"HHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAA!"

I fall to the ground, trying to suck down more air between guffaws.

"hErE bItCh. GoOd BiTcH. wHo'S a CuTe LiTtLe BiTcH? Hahahahahahaha!"

"If you don't like it you can just say that."

"Aaaw, I'm sorry man, I'm sorry. Haaheheha."

"How about Krypto?"

Wallace, did those tortilla crisps come from a packet? Was that cookery lesson I did entirely wasted? I thought you said you'd use it?

"I think it's taken. Fine." Kon kneels down in front of Teekl and rubs the puppy's head. She moans. "Guess we'll just have to call you 'Wolf' then."

She raises her right forepaw a little and places it on Kon's hand. Soooo cute. Ring, picture.

Compliance.

I roll into a sitting position. "Where have Robin and M'gann got to?"

"'ob 'anned-." Wallace swallows. "Rob wanted to do some probing stuff with the sphere in the med bay. He took M'gann with him 'cause he didn't want to risk hurting it by accident. How was London?"

I push myself up onto my feet, staggering a few paces as I come upright. "I don't really-."

"Recognised, Zatara, one one."

I know he's supposed to be overseeing us, but I know the others appreciated not having him hovering every moment. He materialises, leaving the tube at a jog and looking a little panicked. What happened? He locks onto me, eyes wide.

"What in God's name possessed you to let John Constantine try to give you a soul!?"

This again...

"Professional experience? Did you know he once cut his own soul in half to dodge out of a demonic pact?"

"It does not surprise me in the least."

No, no. "It wasn't a pact he made, it-."

"Queen Mera checked his calculations herself, and I was at his side for the entire process. It was as safe as it could be."

"And I don't fancy going through life without a soul. I mean, does that sound like a good idea to you?"

And guess who's 'eighteen' and legally capable of making that sort of decision for himself? I watch as the wind leaves Mister Zatara's sails.

"Sir, if you don't mind me asking: what exactly is your problem with him?"

As far as I can remember, he didn't like him in the comics due to his relationship with Zatanna, and she's far too young for any of that to have happened here. Right?

"That is not your concern. If you wanted assistance in matters of magic, you could have come to me."

"No disrespect intended sir, but it isn't your specialist area and -as far as I know- you're not a tattooist."

"Neither is Constantine."

"No, but he knows-"

He raises his right hand, palm outward. "Laever tfarclleps."

Rude. Oh, um, 'laever' is 'reveal' and-. Ow! Burning sensation! Need to get the Spell Eater back. He lowers his hand and I put my left hand into the pocket of my jeans and slip the ring on my ring finger.

Spell Eater.

"The spell is leaking energy. Whoever did this-."

"Sir, it's supposed to be leaking, that's the whole point of it. I don't attract spiritual energy on my own, so the tattoo has to do the whole thing. Look, how about I give you a copy of John's notes? You can read through them, and if you find any actual problems we can talk about it."

Alert: person of interest attempting to access zeta tube.

Oh yes? Who's the lucky victim?

Zatanna Zatara is attempting to access the San Francisco zeta tube.

"That's... Reasonable."

Notes. And grant Zatanna access as A zero six. We're on six now, right?

A copy of John's work appears in the air just in front of Mister Zatara and he takes hold of it.

Affirmative. Access to cave granted.

"I don't imagine-."

"Recognised, Zatanna Zatara, A zero six, authorisation, error not found."

"What!"

He turns around as his daughter appears in the zeta tube. She's wearing white trousers and a lilac strap top thing and is facing the side of the machine's tunnel. She turns her head in our direction in surprise.

"Ahh. I'm not in Potrero Hill anymore, am I?"

3rd October
13:11 GMT -5

"...going straight home! Whatever did you think you were doing?"

"You got a phone call and ran down an alleyway. When I got to the end of the alley you weren't there. I wanted to know where you'd gone; I haven't seen you all week!"

Perhaps I should redefine what the ring counts as 'attempting to access'? I wonder if insatiable curiosity is a wizard thing, or just a Constantine thing? Ooh, that's an idea, would Gemma prefer to go to an Atlantean school rather than wherever she's going to in Liverpool at the moment? Anyway, sounds like Mister Zatara had a freak out when he heard about what I'd done and cut short a father-daughter visit to San Francisco. I was surprised when I learned that they didn't live there, but maybe I'm just misremembering the comics.

"You know my work with the Justice League can call me away at short notice!"

My team mates are waiting for Black Canary to arrive. She hasn't actually arranged a training session, but there'll probably be one for anyone who's interested. I know Robin and Wallace have been looking forwards to it. This is presumably why they haven't left the room while the father/daughter conflab takes place, loudly. Reacting to the social discomfort they've retreated across the room. I'm signed off from practice on a no-heavy-lifting-or-heavy-thinking order, but... I have been agitating for a team thaumaturgist for a while now and Zatanna was near the top of my list of preferred candidates. Might be tricky now that I see how protective Mister Zatara's being.

Time to break them up, I think.

"Excuse me sir?"

They both look around. Mister Zatara's face is a picture of controlled irritation. "Orange Lantern, this is a private conversation."

"Not at that volume it isn't, sir. Look, I think we all-" I gesture with both arms to my team mates who are checking the ceiling and floor for cracks. "-all know that you aren't happy about Miss Zatara -hello! I'm Orange Lantern, pleased to meet you- being here, but since she is here I'd like to point out that inside a mountain surrounded by superheroes is a lot safer than, for example, all of New York."

M'gann, Robin and the sphere enter from the direction of the lifts. Robin's in casual clothing.

"No attacks by evil wizards since... Ooh, last Tuesday, wasn't it?"

Mister Zatara schools his features. "That was contained extremely quickly."

"What I'm saying is, now she's here, where's the harm in introducing her to everyone?"

I can virtually see him counting to five. He breathes out.

"I suppose you're right." He half turns back to her. "Go and say hello. I need to look into how you were even able to get through the zeta tube."

"Miss Zatara? If you'd care to accompany me?" I hold out my right arm.

"Um. Thank you." She looks a little puzzled, but smiles and comes alongside me. We link arms as we start to walk in the direction of my team mates.

"Sorry if I'm interrupting your practice."

"Eh, I'm skipping anyway."

Apparently having learned from what happened when Artemis first got here, Kaldur steps forwards first.

"Miss Zatara, welcome to the cave. I am-."

"Wally. I'm Wally. He's not, he's Kaldur, that's Artemis, Kon, over there's Rob, M'gann and The Sphere, you've already met Paul, that's Teekl and that is Wolf. Hi!"

Wallace holds out his hand. For a moment she's taken aback. Then she gets a better look at the puppy.

"Aw, he's so cute!"

Zatanna pulls free of me and walks past Wallace over to Teekl. She bends slightly to stroke Wolf's head. Wallace sags. Kon steps protectively towards his pet.

"Wolf's a girl."

"How long have you had her? How old is she? And.. why is this cat orange?" She pulls her hand back and gives Teekl the eye.

"Ah, two days, 'bout a week. Paul turned her into a construct."

"Teekl talk for Teekl. Who you?"

She blinks. "Did your cat just talk?"

I waggle my right forefinger left and right. "That won't even be the strangest thing you see today. But yes, Teekl has near human intelligence."

She scans my face to check I'm being serious, then looks back at Teekl. "Um, well, I'm Zatanna Zatara, I'm a magician-"

"I'm something of a student of the mystic arts myself." Artemis gives Wallace a sceptical look. "No, really. I've been studying Atlantean alchemy."

"Uh huh."

He reaches into his shirt pocket and pulls out a small bottle. "Prepare to be amazed, nonbelievers."

He unscrews the pipette lid, holds it over his head and allows five drops of the clear liquid within to drop onto him. He then puts the lid back onto the bottle and returns it to his pocket.

"A little activation energy..."

He puts both hands in his hair and ruffles it at super speed for a couple of seconds. When he takes his hands away...

His hair is now blue. Completely blue. Brilliant blue, actually. There's no blue colour on his hands or the skin around his hair... If that's simple alchemy he could put hair dye manufacturers out of business in a few years. Or blackmail them into paying him not to.

"What d'ya think? Not bad for a guy who didn't even believe in magic until a couple of months ago. No chemical basis for the blue coloration at all."

I think Zatanna is trying not to laugh.

Artemis doesn't have her subtlety. "You look ridiculous."

"For obvious reasons liquid dyes are not common in Atlantis. I am impressed you were able to produce this simply from book study."

"Took like fifty tries... Hey Zatanna, you joining us for training?"

"Um, I don't know. What sort of training?"

"This week? Unarmed combat. Black Canary's taking over from your dad as our supervisor."

"Hooray for punching week. This is why I got the tattoos done now."

"They let you off practice... To get a tattoo."

"No, they let me off practice because I'm currently experiencing arcane overload. Magic makes me drunk, basically."

She frowns. "Why would tattoos..?"

I make a vague 'wave forwards' gesture at my team leader. "Kaldur, you wanna..?"

"It is common practice in Atlantis for mages to have energy channels inscribed on their skin to aid in their spell casting." He holds out his right arm and slowly twists it, showing off his design. From a distance it looks like a thick black line, but close up there are a lot of slight differences in tone and pattern across the tattooed area. They glow for a moment, and electricity dances around his hand.

"Oh, I see. Well, what do your tattoos do?"

"I'll show you."

Ring, remove my jacket and vest.

"And now no one's looking at my magic hair."

Zatanna's jaw goes slack and her cheeks colour slightly.

"I don't really understand exactly what's involved, but this bit over my heart-" I point. "-stands for the core of my being. The one-" I turn around and bend back slightly. Ah, Artemis is paying attention as well. Good to know. "-at the base of my neck, does something to spread the effect throughout my body using my nervous system as a conduit. This one-" I straighten and pull my trousers down a little at the back, revealing the symbol at the base of my spine. "-is the focus of the system binding the power generated to my body."

I pull the trousers back up and turn back to the gang.

"On my arms -see here?- there's the marks for drawing power from local mana flows. Or something, I was a bit out of it when they started talking about that part. Plan is, if this all works like it's supposed to then I can go on to get some other stuff done. I'm thinking passive buffs rather than active stuff like Kaldur has."

Zatanna seems a little distracted. "Buff... Yes..."

The sphere reaches Teekl and warbles at her. Teekl responds by ignoring it, sitting down and licking her left forepaw while being careful to keep Wolf balanced in place. Artemis shifts her weight to her left hip, left arm across her hip, right elbow on left hand and right fingers at her mouth.

"Hey, um, Kaldur. Can we have a look at your tattoos too? You know, for comparative purposes."

He thinks for a moment. "You would have to undergo several years of study before you would be able to make use of tattoos like mine. If you are interested, you are welcome to look at my school books-."

"Can you... Just, put your shirt back on?"

"Sure, Wallace. Ring?"

"Compliance."

I roll my shoulders as the vest and jacket reappear.

"So, um, what do those tattoos do?"

"Ah, there's a story there. I come from a parallel universe entirely without magic and as a consequence, I don't have a soul."

She blinks. Artemis suddenly loses interest. She leans over to whisper something to M'gann who starts, then blushes. Has she heard this story before? I think I-?

"That's not possible. Everyone has a soul."

"Different parallel, different set of physical laws. It isn't possible for someone here to survive more than a few days without a soul, but Humans where I'm from evolved under different conditions. The tattoos are designed to pull tiny amounts of magic to me and lock it in place."

"You're trying to build yourself a soul?"

"Exactly. Fighting Klarion without one was not fun. No driving, no operating heavy machinery and no fighting superheroes hand-to-hand until I'm back to full... Um, what's the word?"

Artemis smiles. "Coherency?"

I frown. "No, that's not it..."

Robin grins at Zatanna. "Are you joining the team?"

"I hadn't even... I didn't know there was a team until just now."

"Do you have a costume?"

"Um, well..."

I flap my right hand back and forth. "Ah, come on, it can't be any worse than Superman's. I don't think anyone's noticed, but-" I raise my eyebrows. "-he wears his underwear on the outside! And a cape. I mean, really?"

"I didn't exactly plan to come here today. Buuuut..." She closes her eyes for a moment, and takes a deep breath. "Emit ot yrt tuo eht wen kool!"

A puff of smoke and she strikes a pose. "How do I look?"

Oh dear. White blouse and bowtie, pale yellow waistcoat, black jacket with tails, black... Hot pants? Tights and high heeled calf length boots. I guess you can get sillier than Superman's costume. That's her costume from the comics -more or less- but if she tries getting into a fight like that...

"It looks great!" M'gann? "It's so elegant!"

Yes, it looks nice, but... Oh, I need to sit down for this. I walk across to Teekl and turn around.

Teekl, backrest.

I sit, lean back, and fall over because the bloody cat's moved. She tilts her head slightly to stare down at me.

"Are you okay?"

"Yeah, it's the magic Kon, don't worry. Just going to stay down here for a bit."

"So, what else can you do?"

The only member of the team I showed my 'potential recruit' files to is Kaldur, so Artemis doesn't know how Zatanna's abilities work. I don't know how they work, but I do have a rough idea of the limits of the backwards talking thing.

"In theory? Just about anything, but all magic requires energy and it usually has to come from within. Plus, I need to know the incantation cold, or else have time to prep it. I can't just make the impossible happen at will."

Guess the energy thing is why demons are so popular. Map uses London, Adom and Marvel use their gods. Papa Midnight -would Mister Zatara know about him?- uses his club. John uses the tiny amount he's got really well and Atlanteans start magic exercising their metaphysiques in primary school. But if long incantations are a problem...

"Couldn't you get pretty far with just... I don't know... Erif?"

"It's a bit more complicated than that. If I didn't say what I wanted the fire to do it would probably just set light to my hand."

Artemis considers. "So you can do nearly anything, but you've only got so much power and you have to consciously activate it?"

"Yes..? That's right."

Artemis' head looms over me and she nudges me in the ribs with one of her feet. "Sound familiar, Paul?"

"Well, fun as this was 'till someone decided to pull a Chippendale routine I need to get changed for Black Canary's lesson. Rob?"

"Right with you, Wally."

Kaldur considers. "I think it would be wise for me to gain more practice fighting in Ocean Master's armour."

The three of them head off in the direction of the armoury, Robin sparing a wave and a smile for the new girl. I need to do something about her costume.

"Zatanna, about that costume..."

"What about it?"

"It's... It's a great costume for a stage magician. It's just that, well, even if a show goes really badly, the audience generally doesn't try and shoot you."

She blinks. "Dad wears his stage costume when he's out on League missions."

I push myself up to a sitting position, wincing slightly. "Mister Zatara uses a shield spell. Is your gear enchanted?"

"M... No? You're wearing a leather jacket, how much protection does that give you?"

"Oh this isn't my uniform. I just stick Lantern sigils on it 'cause it's a theme. This is my actual armour."

I've thought about trying to upgrade, but Batman gave this armour his seal of approval and I haven't been able to find anything better. Yet.

"Someone could fire an Uzi at my chest from five metres away, and I'd barely feel it, even without the ring generating a shield."

Ah... Need to avoid this turning into another me versus Artemis. Not.. sure.. how to do that...

"Doesn't Wonder Woman go around in a swim suit?"

"Okay, leaving aside the fact that Wonder Woman could tank anti-tank rounds naked, she can get away with that due to her bustier having been made by Hephaestus, Olympian God of Smiths. It's orichalcum plate held together with mithril chain, and loaded with more defensive spells that you've ever cast. You're suggesting wearing a silk shirt and tails which -while classy, and may I say quite flattering- do not protect against bullets. Or knives. Or blunt instrument trauma."

Agh, too much. Her head's bowed and she's not meeting my eyes. Lighten the mood.

"I mean, I'd wear her gear if it fit me."

"Huh?"

My jacket and trousers vanish into subspace as I jump to my feet, and a glowing orange construct bustier forms around my torso in their place.

"What d'you think? Good look for me?"

The construct is opaque, but I'm pretty sure I don't look good in drag. Zatanna's giggles and Artemis' bark of laughter suggest they share the opinion. Kon's watching me blankly.

Think maybe someone needs to have a talk with him.

Clothes.

"Robin and Wallace both wear armour. M'gann vetoed my idea of stealing something from the Martian military for her, Kaldur's got that natty suit we took off Ocean Master... Armour's just sensible in our line of work. Artemis, back me up here."

"Ah, actually, you wear more armor than I do."

My eyes and hers drop to her exposed midriff. We both hold for a few seconds.

"Well, now I feel stupid."

"Yeah. Me too."

We contemplate her navel for a moment.

"Not even a bit armoured?"

"... Stab resistant."

Oh Artemis... I'm reminded of a post I read years ago now about some sort of superhero RPG. The guy who wrote it played as an archer, but found that his character kept getting defeated. One of the other players suggested that he give the character body armour, which in that particular system was highly effective. As a result, a baseline Human armed with a pointy stick launcher was basically ignoring small arms and the guy playing him found it unsatisfactory. He went away and read some Green Arrow comics and found that when Green Arrow got shot he generally folded like wet tissue paper, then decided that he would remove the armour from his character's inventory in order to stay true to the source material.

I do this as a memorial to your pointless suffering, nameless RPG archer guy.

"Alright, I'm dragging you both out shopping. There's a guy in Metropolis, made my armour, does great work."

Zatanna looks scandalised. "I can't just go to Metropolis!"

"Yeah you can. Watch. Mister Zatara! Is it alright if we take Zatanna home?!"

He looks up for a moment from the main holo console before returning to trying to trace the power ring's undetectable alterations. "Yes, that is fine. Zatanna, I will be home by seven."

"There. Now we've got.. five hours?"

"Doesn't the zeta tube log where everyone who uses it goes?"

"Power rings are awesome. Are we doing this? We can always visit some of Metropolis' other shops while we're there. They're open on Sunday, right?"

"Um, can I come?" M'gann's posture suggests nervous exuberance.

"Peter Gambi doesn't do shape shifting armour I'm afraid, but, sure?"

The girls make eye contact with each other and start grinning. And I'm starting to think that maybe I should just have measured the two of them with the ring and sent Mister Gambi their measurements. Artemis leading the way, they start walking over to the zeta tube.

"Um..."

Kon looks a little despondent. It's not like any conventional armour could survive him wearing it, but perhaps another approach?

"Kon, do you remember when M'gann took you shopping for shirts?"

His eyes glaze. He did not have fun that afternoon. "Yeah?"

"Like that, but for five hours, and there's three of them."

I keep my face passive as the horror dawns on him. "Oh. Okay." He reaches forward with his right hand and pats me on my left shoulder.

I nod, and reach across to lay my right hand on his for a moment. "Thank you."

Ring, wolf milk.

The bottle materialises in my left hand and I pass it to him. He takes it with his left and releases my shoulder. Taking a deep breath I turn and follow the girls to the zeta tube. Oh, what the heck. I need some winter clothes anyway.

Ah, they were waiting for me. That was nice of them. M'gann shifts into Megan and-

"Egnahc kcab ot ym dlo kool."

-Zatanna changes back into her normal outfit. Artemis looks at me and I nod.

"Normal clothes, please."

I felt like I was walking on eggshells when I asked Artemis if she wanted me to keep hold of a change of clothes for her, but she took the suggestion at face value without being offended by the apparent impropriety.

"Recognised, Artemis, B zero eight, Zatanna Zatara, A zero six, Miss Martian, B zero five, Orange Lantern, B zero six."

"And then Superman says, 'Oh, no, I don't use it for body protection."

It takes Zatanna a moment to get it, then her eyes go wide, her cheeks go red and she covers her mouth with both hands. Artemis is just behind, spluttering in incoherent disgust. M'gann...

"I don't get the joke."

The visit to Mister Gambi went off without incident. I told him when I bought my own armour that I would do what I could to find him other clients. Feel a bit bad about taking this long, but I swiftly redirected the intrapsychic arousal into irritation with Green Arrow for letting his new student run around the place with a 'shoot me' sign on her stomach. Black Canary too. Wasn't she supposed to be the responsible one? Really, what were they thinking?

We're taking a break at a cafe in the Collyer Center, sitting at a table overlooking the third floor balcony. Since we're here in civilian mode I haven't put my bags in subspace. I think this is more clothes than I've ever bought in one session before.

"The implication is that Superman is so strong that-."

"Pots gniklat!"

I wait a moment, looking at Zatanna with a smirk. Then:

"Doesn't work." I pull the thong with the Spell Eater on it out of my vest. "Knowing that attack by magic was both possible and very dangerous to me, I upgraded my defensive equipment. Spell Eater Ward."

Upon realising that I had virtually unlimited funds, Artemis decided that it would be fun to treat me like a Human dress up doll. When I turned out to be better at hiding my discomfort than Kon, M'- Megan joined in. Zatanna still seemed a bit uncertain about the whole thing. I say that I was hiding my discomfort, but actually, having other people pick out clothes made the whole thing a good deal less stressful than I usually find clothes shopping. Plus, I should really have realised that Artemis wouldn't have much -if any- disposable income. Not like superheroing leaves time for a part time job.

"Where did you find something like that?"

Interesting. Doesn't look like she felt the usual discomfort. "I didn't find it, I know the man who invented it. An Atlantean artificer by the name of Sephtian."

Artemis takes a closer look at it. "Were you serious about getting all of us one for Christmas?"

"Well, I'm not sure exactly what would happen if an actual magic user tried wearing one, have to try that out with Kaldur, but yes."

"How much do they cost?"

"They don't." I shrug. "I traded Sephtian about three hundred dollars worth of science textbooks for this one, but that was more because I wanted to improve his knowledge of surface world science than because I thought that was a fair trade. For the ones I'm getting you for Christmas he just wanted me to fabricate a few extras. About two minutes work each."

I put the straw of my mango milkshake in my mouth and take a slurp in an attempt to forestall further questions along this line. Would she consider competition archery? Find a tournament offering reasonable prize money? Is there any money in competitive archery? If there is I can bypass all of the transportation costs. She's in a pretty bad position, really. More expenditure per encounter than the rest of us, no power for me to work out how to monetise and no conveniently huge multinational company backing her.

Megan catches Zatanna's eye. "So, how long have you been studying magic?"

Zatanna bought some sort of strong coffee, and has been delicately sipping it. So classy.

"Dad says that the first time he saw me cast a spell was when I was six, but I don't really remember it. He started giving me formal lessons when I turned twelve. It's a nice way for us to spend time together. How.. long have you been on Earth?"

"Five months, and I love it here!"

"How did you learn English?"

"From Earth TV. Oh, and I used telepathy for a few weeks when I first got here. Hello Megan, they're not going put everything on TV."

"You can telepathically translate any language?"

"Yes. Well, any humanoid language. It sometimes doesn't work on species who are really different, like robots."

Worth finding out about. "Were you able to feel anything from Swamp Thing?"

She shakes her head. "I was too busy just staring at him to even try."

Zatana raises her left eyebrow. "Swamp... Thing..?"

I look at Artemis with my straw in my mouth. She picks up on it. "Yeah, he's this giant.. plant elemental.. thing.. we met two days ago in Louisiana."

"Was he helping the Injustice League?"

"No. He was so mad about them using plants like that that he took away Poison-."

"Can we not call her that?"

"Everyone calls her that, except for you."

Zatanna's looking confused. "Um... What.. do you want to call her?"

"Pamela Isley. Her name, in other words. I think calling them by their 'supervillain name' encourages them."

"Whatever. He took away her powers."

"Wait. Were you fighting the Injustice League?"

The three of us share a smug look. Is that inappropriate? A lot of people died, but I don't think anyone else could have dealt with the situation any better than we did. Guy's been working overtime clearing rubble ahead of his evaluation thingy. Not sure it'll help with that, but it's getting good publicity on Earth. He should be a shoe in for the League now.

Artemis nods. "Batman sent us after them while the League dealt with the vine attacks."

"And a jolly good job we did of it, too. I'm particularly proud of what I managed to do with Teth Adom."

Artemis thinks for a moment, then narrows her eyes at me. "What exactly was in that 'magic powder' you gave him?"

"Oh, some herbs, some powdered bone to represent the link to his former self..." I tense the corners of my mouth. "Some.. lysergic acid diethylamide..."

It takes a second for her to work it out, then her eyes widen.

"You took LS-!"

Stop her!

A tiny ray gun like construct appears next to my right hand, and Artemis suddenly goes silent. She angrily shouts in silence for a few moments before sitting back in her seat, arms crossed and looking to the side.

"How about not shouting it out in the middle of a shopping centre?"

"I can't believe you."

"Actually, mind altering substances have been used in magic rituals since time immemorial."

Megan and Artemis turn to Zatanna in surprise.

She blinks at them. "What?"

"Heh. Always the ones you least expect, isn't it?"

3rd October
18:07 GMT -5

"You really can't say your own name?"

We're sitting in the living room of her home in New York. M'gann was meeting up with her uncle in Middletown -apparently that's a real place, and in a country with a place called Smallville I suppose I shouldn't be surprised- and Artemis was due out on patrol with Green Arrow.

"Can't even think it. Not without collapsing. Of course, I haven't tried using magic to reveal it yet."

"I could probably help with that."

Ring, remove Spell Eater.

"Be my guest."

"Kaeps ruoy eurt eman."

And I'm on the floor.

Zatanna looks stricken. "Are you okay?"

"Yep. Fine. How long have I been down here?"

"Ten seconds."

"Well there you go, you see: could be much worse. Feel like trying again?"

"I-is that a good idea?"

"Probably not, but I am rather tired of this whole situation. Do you know a spell for revealing the name of a person by looking at them?"

"I.. could.. probably... Ekat-."

"Wait, wait!" I lie fully on the floor. Sure, my environmental shield would probably stay active if I blacked out again, but no sense taking unnecessary risks. "Okay, go."

"Ekat sih eman morf eht Koob fo Ynitsed!"

I wait for something to happen. I don't think I've moved...

"Paul?"

"Still with you. Get anything?"

"No. I don't think I can have done it right."

"Ah well." I sit up and push myself back onto the settee. "If you think of something else to try feel free to let me know."

"That's really strange. You said that Dad couldn't detect any magic doing that to you?"

"Yep. I don't suppose you know any... Name eating spirits, or whatever?"

"There are things like that, but being attacked by one of them has other effects as well, and you aren't suffering from any of those."

I nod. Still bugging me.

"I've been thinking..?"

"What about?"

"Don't you normally have to tell a zeta tube where you want to go?"

"Yes?"

"Because I didn't. Even if someone had created a user profile for me I should have had to activate the relay, and I didn't touch anything. There was what looked like an old cupboard someone had dumped in the alleyway, which I suppose must have been the zeta tube entrance. I opened the door to see if Dad was hiding or something and the next thing I know I'm inside the mountain."

"Yes, bit odd that. It's almost as if someone with a xenotech hypercomputer was maintaining a constant connection to all zeta tube monitoring equipment, then used that access to undetectably create a new user profile and initiate transportation when someone they wanted to talk to stepped into a booth."

Understanding dawns.

"That's.. oddly specific."

"Yes, it is. Did I mention that I think our team really needs a magic user?"

"Are you going to get in trouble for doing that?"

"Maybe, a bit, but Batman's actually surprisingly reasonable. I mean, I don't think I'd get away with doing this for someone who wasn't already, y'know, part of the community, but about a month ago I gave him a file on potential future recruits and he didn't mention there being a problem."

After my visit to the Batcave he asked for everything I'd put together. I had to spend a couple of hours rushing around to get it into a sensible format, and delete a couple where I couldn't reasonably explain how I heard about them. I officially heard about Red Star from 'an old Russian military server, now physically destroyed'.

"So, you recommended me?"

"Sort of. There were a few names sharing the magic skill set. You're a bit more accessible than the other good candidates."

"Exactly how far down the list was I?"

"You name starts with zed."

She folds her arms.

I wince. "Joint second."

"How many magicians our age do you know?"

"A few."

"Who was your first choice?"

"A guy called Timothy Hunter."

"Who?"

"Yeah, exactly. I couldn't find him."

Which means that either he doesn't exist here at all, he will exist but hasn't been born, he has been born but is five years old and hasn't left a trail or he's already studying at the White School and so is beyond my reach. John got rather evasive when I tried asking about him, but that doesn't necessarily mean anything.

"What makes him better than me?"

"Broader magic education. We already have people who can make ranged attacks -you're better than him at that-, but what we're really lacking is someone who knows how magic works."

"I thought Aqualad used magic."

"He does, but he's only studied Atlantean style, and he stopped studying everything outside of combat magic when King Orin took him on."

At some point I'm going to need to return to the Conservatory and scan everything onto the ring. If they'll let me, anyway. I may never be able to cast spells myself but being able to identify components with a quick scan would be an invaluable ability.

"And, joint second?"

"Rachel Roth, aka Raven. Couldn't find her either. Much less range of ability but with a bit more combat focus. I.. have a bit of a problem detecting magic users who don't want to be detected."

"So you want me on the team... because I'm the only one you could find?"

"Not- Well, sort of. Top three in the world isn't bad. You know, I... Used to read a lot of comics, before coming here. Heh, bit pointless now. Seemed to me there were two things a team had to have if it didn't want to get completely blindsided by certain types of opponent. Firstly, you have to have a telepath. Telepathic illusions and psychic shut down commands are an easy way to defeat anyone without the right defences. That's pretty much what happened to us in Bialya. Not so much a problem now, I've learned telepathic defence constructs and M'gann's had extra tuition from Mister J'onzz. The second, is you've got to have a magic user. Someone who knows how magic works. Like, we're walking down a corridor and there's some runes on the ceiling. Is it just writing? A trap of some kind? What? I wouldn't know, and I don't think that anyone else on the team would either. I don't expect you to fight directly without appropriate training, but we do need someone with your skill set. Do you think that getting that training is something you might be interested in?"

She's not looking at me, weighing up her options.

"I..." She looks back at me with a small smile. "I think it would."

10th October
16:58 GMT -5

I hate punching week.

I drop and lunge forward under Kon's swing, driving him back a little before rolling aside as he swings his arms down in a hammering motion.

Robin and Artemis are too good for me. Zatanna's too bad, and I'm not good enough to teach her safely. Kon's too strong for me to fight without the ring. But Kon's too strong for anyone else to fight with their other powers unavailable. Diana can't be here all the time, Donna's busy and while Adom's English is coming along really well I doubt the League will authorise him as an instructor anytime soon. Kon needs to practise too. For me, Guy's on Oa, and I don't want to risk messing things up for him by ringing -Hah!- him.

Kon pushes off with his right leg to surge forwards, swinging his right arm around. I've learned all too well that a full strength Kryptonian can get away with clumsy blows. With my armour up it wouldn't hurt, but it would knock me into a poor position. I sidestep, but he turns fast and goes for a grapple anyway. I strain to keep his arms apart while attempting to knee him in the diaphragm. He turns aside and his arms tighten, closing in on me.

No constructs and no flight. I'm being taught to respond in a stupid way. Yes, I know I need to learn how to do this, but I don't want to develop these instincts.

Foot stomp foot stomp foot stomp. He grimaces in pain, but as when I fight Diana he can just take it and keep going. Agh! Arms are pinned against my sides! I try kicking again, but I can't hit hard enough! Head butt!

Ow! Not clever!

"Good work everyone." Black Canary walks into the sparring area, and the floor lights dim. Kon loosens his grip on me. "In fact, it's been a very productive week."

For some people. I'm going to get Guy some flowers or something when he gets back. Black Canary's direct oversight resulted in a much bigger structured tuition element than Marvel's or Mister Zatara's, and it's all stuff I don't need. Not flat out useless, but still...

Artemis and Wallace step apart. Mister Gambi's had to order in some parts for her and Zatanna's armours and so they haven't been completed yet. He said that teenage girls don't really make up a big part of the market and so he generally doesn't find it worth stocking equipment for them. Artemis' design is quite a bit lighter than mine, as she isn't as strong as me and is trained as an acrobatic style fighter. No point adding to her protection if she just gets hit a lot more to make up for it.

M'gann bulked out her humanoid body to spar with Ocean Master armoured Kaldur. As I watch her muscle mass deflates and she grows slightly taller, Wallace grimacing as he watches. Kaldur takes off the helmet and turns it around in his hands so he can look into the eyepieces. Apparently there's some sort of bound spell on them which means that they don't interfere with vision. Actually, from how he described it, it sounds like it improves his ability to see in low visibility situations.

Robin helps Zatanna up. He's mostly been showing her things in this session. She's in black jogging bottoms and a white... What's that called? Really? Alright, white muscle vest. Mister Zatara allowed her to join us only very reluctantly, and has made it very clear that he doesn't want her participating on missions any time soon or having anything to do with 'that man' at all.

"Martian Manhunter should be here in a couple of hours to start his shift. I've really enjoyed being your, ah, 'den mother' this week."

I don't see any point in going directly against Mister Zatara's prohibition, but I have been working with John to get her a complete copy of the Grimoire Verum; everything you wanted to know about demons but lost all your SAN points before you could ask. He had two partial copies, one he was left by his old friend Benjamin Cox after his death and another he said he took from a demon worshipping cult. Since all known copies of the Grimoire come from a single print run it was simple-ish for me to scan most of Europe for segments of text until I had enough to assemble a complete version. And to remove some of the extant copies from inappropriate hands. Add in Ben Cox's research notes -and John's, once I finish persuading him we need them- and we should be able to deal with any demon we encounter.

"Recognised, Zatara, one one."

Zatanna walks over to the zeta tube as her father materialises.

Ring, clean me and my armour, then change to civilian clothing.

Compliance.

Teekl stalks over. Wolf opened her eyes for the first time yesterday, but is still perfectly content to spend most of her time on the head of her feline steed.

"How was training today?"

Zatanna rubs her left shoulder with the right hand. "It was a.. learning experience. If this is what training is like then Paul was definitely right about the body armour."

Since it's easier to get forgiveness than permission, we agreed that we wouldn't tell Mister Zatara about our trip to see Mister Gambi until he agrees that armour is a good idea. Then I can just 'get hold' of it. According to her she will be able to call it to her from any distance without loading it into any sort of subspace pocket equivalent. Downside being that it isn't protected, I suppose.

"Well..." Mister Zatara glances at me for a moment. "We'll see."

The rest of us move into a team huddle. Haven't been able to persuade the others to take advantage of the ring's cleaning function yet.

**Do the rest of you get the impression we're still on probation with Zatara?**

**M'gann, he's concerned about his daughter. It's hardly unreasonable.**

Robin raises his eyebrows at me. Oh come on, it's not the same thing... You were a professional acrobat, Zatanna's a glass cannon!

**But he's been here every day!**

**Yeah, he totally needs to be worried about someone who can turn your blood into fire with a sentence.**

It appears Wallace has decided to take advantage of the fact that with telepathy he can eat and talk at the same time.

**It almost makes one nostalgic for Red Tornado's tenure as our supervisor.**

I'm a little surprised. I honestly thought that if anyone would appreciate the stricter schedule it would be Kaldur. Mister Zatara walks over to speak to Black Canary. Zatanna's frowning.

**Yeah, at least he trusted us.**

"Dluow uoy esaelp kaeps tuo duol."

"If you ignore the fact we shouldn't have trusted him! It took them five seconds to turn him against us! That machine almost got us killed!"

Whoops.

Black Canary and Zatara jerk their heads around. Kon looks stunned for a moment, then scowls at Zatanna, who crosses her arms.

"You were doing it again."

Thing about training to fight together as a group? That's where the mental ingroup is, and Zatanna isn't fully part of that yet. M'gann explained it on Thursday the first time it happened, when the rest of us started laughing at something Wallace thought at us and Zatanna didn't know why we were doing it. Her exclusion from the conversation wasn't even intentional, she just isn't an automatic include yet. Black Canary steps away from Zatara and towards us.

"Is there a problem?"

I look at Kaldur, but it's Kon who responds. "Yes! It's been weeks since Tornado's attack, and the League hasn't told us anything."

"The League is searching for Tornado, as well as the other androids that invaded the cave and their creator T.O. Morrow. Batman's made tracking them down our highest priority."

Robin steps forward. "But you've found none of the above."

"Not yet. But Tornado is Justice League. The team is not to pursue this."

Well, that was completely predictable.

We're in the bioship, heading away from the mountain at a reasonable pace, freshly recharged ring on my finger. I had to hack my own security system to get us out without notifying Black Canary and Mister Zatara. I'm not sure whether I should be glad I can do that or worried that someone like me could do that.

Artemis taps me on my shoulder. "Shouldn't it be really easy to find Tornado or Morrow with a power ring?"

"Finding Morrow would be easy enough if they had a genetic sample or a recent photograph, which.. I.. don't.. think they do. And photographs generate a lot of false positives anyway. Tornado... Maybe? Most of his components aren't unique. If whoever took him disassembled him a bit..." I shrug. "We also don't have any hard evidence it even was Morrow. He's a hundred years old, if he's even still alive."

Wallace frowns. "Who else could it be?"

"If I knew that, I'd have suggested it already."

That does it for Robin. "Where are we going!? Batman is the world's greatest detective, and he's searched for Tornado and Morrow in every logical location. If we're gunna do better, we need an illogical solution."

Eh? He turns in his chair and looks at Wallace.

"A truly dumb idea."

How is that..? Why is everyone looking at Wallace? And why is he smiling about it?

"As a matter of fact... I juuust might. Morrow's a mad scientist, right? So who else do we know who's a mad scientist?"

Kon smiles. "Do super strong mutant rats count?"

"No, Ivo! He's Morrow's biggest competitor at building androids. He'd need to keep track of what he was doing so he didn't fall behind."

"He's also been on the run for years and in prison for a month. I don't see how he'd..." Now everyone's looking at me. I throw my arms up. "But if it's a dumb idea we're looking for..."

"Changing course for Belle Reve Penitentiary now."

Oooooh. Actually...

"If no one minds, I've been meaning to practise moving larger objects at FTL speeds for a while now. I could, you know..."

M'gann winces. "Is this going to be like when you moved me in Bialya?"

Now Wallace and Artemis look uncomfortable.

"No no no. Well, probably not. I can move individual people perfectly well now and I think the technique can work on-" I gesture at the bioship's interior. "-vehicles. This mission isn't time sensitive, so, could be useful to be able to do it and if I mess it up it doesn't matter that much. I mean, if we'd got to Louisiana an hour earlier last week..."

"Your point is understood. Make the attempt. I will contact Interim Warden Strange and let him know that we are coming."

I nod.

Ring, environmental shield around the ship and plot FTL transfer for a mile outside the Belle Reve exclusion zone.

Compliance.

Orange light spreads out from where I sit, covering every surface and everyone inside the ship. Zatanna holds out her right hand and examines it.

"Is this supposed to happen?"

Erm.

"Prrrobably."

The view on the front screen skips, and the orange light disappears.

Transfer complete.

Wallace peers out at the new terrain. "That's it? Not that I'm complaining."

"Usually, yeah, that's all that happens. Um, we're pretty near the edge of the prison's no-fly zone here."

Kaldur presses something on the control panel in front of him. There's a short delay as he listens to something. "Aqualad ,with the Justice League. Please put me through to Interim Warden Strange. Yes, I will hold."

"Um, hey." I swivel my chair right around to face Artemis. "Mom wanted to know if you had any plans next Friday."

She's speaking a little quietly.

"No, not really. Sort of depends on what Mister J'onzz has lined up for us and when Guy comes back from Oa. Why d'you ask?"

She squints a little with her eye and tilts her head a little to the side.

Oh!

"Right, dinner, sorry. Slipped my mind. Um yes, I should be free. Um. What sort of time..?"

"About seven?

I nod. "I'll be there. Um, I don't know how it works in America, am I supposed to bring something..?"

A moment of incredulity and she shakes her head. "You don't need to bring anything. She also wanted to know if there was anything you particularly wanted to eat."

Hmm. "How about something Vietnamese? I've been there a couple of times, but I've never had the courage to try the local food."

She raises her right eyebrow. "You sure about that? 'Cause when Mom cooks Vietnamese, she cooks properly Vietnamese."

"Funny story about that. I'm in my last year of secondary school, just the exams left to go. Now, Willingdon used to rent its building out to foreign schools during the summer holidays, so I was in for a revision class at the same time as a group of Chinese students were there. They were using the cookery rooms, and one of them noticed I was watching and offered me this little foil packet. I couldn't read it, but I opened it, and inside was a ducks foot. I had no idea how to go about eating it or even which bits were edible, but she's given it to me."

I put my hands together on my right and then bring them to the centre of my chest.

"And I know the Chinese eat that sort of thing so I'm not going to insult her by refusing it, right? So I gingerly-" I mime bringing something up to my mouth. "-gingerly take a tiny little bite out of what looks like a meaty bit, they pull it away to see if there's a clue yet. Nope, still no idea, so another little nibble. And another. The taste isn't very strong but I'm finding the texture really weird. And there's a couple of them watching my by now, and the one who gave it to me says 'You don't have to eat it if you don't like it'."

I shrug.

"But that just means that as well as risking insulting her, it's a challenge, so I keep going. Must have taken me about ten minutes, but all that's left is bone and webbing and I think I can safely put that in the bin. And then she's got this puzzled look on her face and she says 'Do you like it?' and I nod and say: 'It was very interesting, thank you'.

Artemis turns her face to the floor and sniggers for a moment.

"Now, it may be, that I won't like it. But it won't kill me, and it'll be an interesting new experience. So yes, I'm sure."

The bioship touches down just outside the main prison complex. At Strange's request M'gann deactivated the stealth system so we're fully visible to their anti-aircraft weapons. Not sure exactly how tough this thing is, but we're here invited after all. Bit of a change of pace to be welcomed here; no matter how many times I made myself as unobtrusive as possible Waller always took the time to appear and scowl at me. She certainly wouldn't have tolerated me flying this close to the prison.

I don't remember Strange much from the comics. The only thing I remember him from was... Batman and the Monster Men..? Don't remember exactly what it was called. He was a bad guy in Arkham City as well, but here his time in charge of Arkham is notable only for the fact that he didn't go insane, get killed or kill himself. Unlike every single one of his predecessors. Apart from that one guy in the twenties who just disappeared. Maybe he just transferred away too soon for it to work its foul magic on him? Should I suggest getting the place exorcised? I vaguely remember something from Shadowpact about Gotham being the home of some sort of eldritch abomination. Couldn't hurt to check...

We're a bit around the side of the building from the place I (and the rest of the visitors) usually come in. I think this is the entry point for guards and official visitors, but I've never been in this part of the prison before. Doctor Strange and a guard I don't recognise are standing next to our designated landing area. Kaldur leads the way out of the bioship, closely followed by Robin and Wallace.

"Interim Warden Strange, thank you for agreeing to our request."

"Oh, no trouble at all Aqualad. I am only too pleased to help the Justice League in whatever way I can. I'm having Professor Ivo brought up to one of the interview rooms now." He turns to lead the way inside the prison. "A fascinating case. Did you know that he..."

I tune him out, hanging back a bit. The gun towers aren't tracking us. They don't need to, but that never stopped them under Waller. Hm, what does it say about my life at the moment that I notice when guns aren't pointing at me? I shake my head and start after the others, bringing up the rear... Oh. No I'm not. I didn't see Artemis..? I turn my head and see her lagging behind me.

"Artemis?"

"Maybe I should stay here. Don't really wanna risk running into, y'know..."

Hm. This isn't exactly hostile territory, but this is a personal conversation. Access her communicator.

"Cheshire isn't here anymore. She transferred to Gloria McDonald Prison last week. I thought you knew?"

She relaxes slightly, and joins me in walking towards the entrance while a new guard glowers at us. Ah, that's more like it. "I knew she was getting moved. Didn't know it had already happened."

"You.. could visit her, you know? It isn't that far-" I smile at the guard as we walk passed him. Not going to risk saying 'from our base', even at whisper volume. "-or I could take you?"

She grimaces, and starts hurrying to catch up with the others. "We really don't have that sort of relationship."

I pick up the pace to keep up with her. "It's not about what you have. It's about what you want."

She raises her right hand to wave me off. I slow to normal walking pace and she leaves me in her wake. Right. Hang on, did we just pass a security door? I check the corridor wall. We did. Like the one I went through with Bendemann the first time I visited Jade. But.. the doors weren't closed at either end. Did Strange arrange that for us, or is there a policy change regarding security procedures during normal operation? Hmm. Not sure I approve, but I suppose I'm not the one running the place.

Kon stops for a moment as Artemis catches up with Kaldur. He looks puzzled. As I reach him he puts out his right arm to stop me.

"Yes? What is it?"

"Are you dating Artemis?"

I blink. "No? Why do you ask?"

"You're having dinner with her."

"I have dinner with you and M'gann most evenings."

"She kissed you in front of everyone."

Right. I'd sort have forgotten about that one. "She also slapped me."

"She hits Wally all the time." He frowns for a moment. "I think she might have issues."

"Superhero teams are not a good place to avoid people with issues. Look, shall we?"

We resume walking through the prison.

"Kon, I'm trying to learn to be a gregarious person, trying to use this ring to help people. I find it easier to help people I'm already invested in; you, Kid Flash, Robin and, yes, Artemis. But, dating? Even ignoring the age difference I think it would be a bit of creepy to exchange.. y'know, ring favours for dates, or something like that."

That's.. one of the things which has prevented me talking to Kon about... Well. I've seen the adoration with which he looks at Diana these days, but she only started tutoring him because I asked her to. I can't... I'd hate to somehow give the impression that I was holding that over him. Even subconsciously. The power inequality is just-."

"So you're not dating anyone?"

"Not at present, no."

"Oh. Okay."

The corridor comes out on a square room with resilient-looking doors leading off from it and another corridor leading to a security door which I assume leads to the area of the prison inhabited by the prisoners. That one is sealed tight. Each of the doors has a number over it as well as an 'In Use' sign. Only one sign is illuminated. As well as Strange's escort two other guards are here. They're wearing standard prison officer uniform rather than the heavier armour they sometimes wear, and are carrying conventional looking firearms. I suppose heavier weapons aren't really needed with Ivo. Or was Waller putting on a show for my benefit?

Strange clasps his hands in front of his chest and addresses Kaldur.

"Professor Ivo is being held in room three. I'll leave you to it, shall I? Just ask Corrections Officer Cooper when you're ready to leave."

Cooper I do recognise. Usually he's fairly stern, but he makes eye contract with me after passing his gaze over my team mates and I'm treated to a minute nod and the ghost of a smile. I smile back. He was one of the guards escorting Freeze when the break out attempt started, and I saved him from a lengthy stay in hospital.

Kaldur nods in acknowledgement. "Thank you Doctor Strange. You have been most helpful."

Strange smiles and walks past us, back down the corridor. We begin to form a huddle around Kaldur. He nods at M'gann and her eyes glow for a moment as the telepathic link is established.

**I will ask Ivo for the information, but it is unlikely that he will be prepared to volunteer it. Miss Martian, if he does not cooperate I want you to take the location from him.**

**Right.**

Zatanna looks at me. **Can P-. Can Orange Lantern use his ring to read Ivo's mind?**

I shake my head. **No. The ring can only read a person's brain, not their mind. I could probably identify a complete fiction or total honesty based on which parts of the brain were most active, but that's about it. Randomly shouting out coordinates and see if anything triggers isn't a good option.**

And neither's turning him into a construct. Only if the fate of the planet is on the line would I even consider doing that. No one's actually asked exactly what the limits are. I assume that Batman's already realised, but I haven't wanted to make a point of pointing it out. 'I can kill you all and make you my slaves forever' doesn't seem like a sensible thing to say to anyone ever.

Kaldur considers her. **Zatanna, do you know a spell that could force him to reveal the information we require?**

She thinks for a moment. **I think so. I haven't tried it before, but it should be simple enough.**

He nods, and leads the way to the interview room door.

**In the Conservatory of Sorcery in Poseidonis we were taught to be extremely careful of mental manipulation magics. Let Miss Martian try first. If she is unsuccessful then attempt to compel him to speak.**

Smug git. 'As if I'd never faced a telepath before'. Hah! Reminds me, actually, I need to find out what happened to Henry King Junior. I remember reading his name on his father's League profile but I never followed up on it. But seriously, Henry King was the earliest telepath on record and Ivo prepared for that and not arcane compulsion?

I brace myself against the roof of the bioship as we climb into the air. In a marked departure from his predecessor's attitude -though I suppose she's not technically pre yet- Doctor Strange was perfectly happy for us to land in the prison grounds. And to grant us access to Professor Ivo without kicking up the sort of fuss that Warden Waller did during my first visit. Funny, I was expecting him to be a minor supervillain and her to be a major part of America's government metahuman program. Wrong on both counts.

"Orange Lantern to Aqualad. Do you want me to drop us right on top of him, or do you want to come in from further away?"

"Can you detect any surface activity at Yellowstone?"

Ring, grab a satellite and show me.

Compliance.

Images flick through my mind's eye. "Yes, but nothing that looks mad sciencey. If you could be a bit more specific I could do a more detailed scan?"

"Is there anything in the specific area Professor Ivo mentioned?"

The bioship reaches cruising height and accelerates in the direction of Wyoming.

"There's a... jogger..."

Wait a second.

"You remember that little robot inside Mister Twister?"

"Yes. It self destructed before we could take it into custody."

"There's a guy just to the west of Ivo's coordinates who looks just like it. One moment."

Ring? Does it blend?

Individual is Human.

Get me a name.

Probable match found: Brom Stikk. No known address. Degrees in robotics and mechanical engineering. Prior convictio-.

That's fine. Weapons?

Presently unarmed.

"The ring says his name's Brom Stikk. He's a robotics engineer. This whole thing might well be him."

"Ivo was certain that Morrow was involved."

"Zatanna? Correct me if I'm wrong, but that spell would only cause him to give what he believes to be the correct answer, right? If he believed something that wasn't true he'd still say it?"

"Well, yes. Do.. we need to go back?"

There's a pause while Kaldur thinks about it.

"No. Either way, interrogating Stikk is our next course of action."

How long would it take the Justice League to reach Yellowstone? Depends on whether the Greenies are on the ball. If they are, seconds. If they're not, they have to fly in from Cheyenne. Except the Flash, obviously.

"Orange Lantern, when I give the command bring us down right on top of him. Robin, Superboy, prepare to deploy."

I smile, and focus on the target.

"Roger roger."

If the androids and gynoid are there, we should be able to beat them. Even with the geysers providing water ammunition I don't think they can breach my armour constructs. Would Stikk have access to those really annoying scry jammers? Probably not, because I can detect him. Another robot? Maybe, but if anything I'd say that Twister was stronger than the other two. If the other two were built afterwards... And why would Stikk care about Red Tornado? Yeah, definitely don't have the full picture here.

"Miss Martian, lock out all external communications. Soon Black Canary and Zatara -Batman too I imagine- will know of our 'visit' to Professor Ivo. We haven't much time."

I half listen to Kaldur while I consider the situation. Do I need to message the League? I probably should. If Guy were on Earth I'd just tell him everything and ask him to wait ten minutes before passing it on. He'd be okay with that. Alan? No guarantee he's even wearing his ring.

"Then let's go! I'm way past ready to stuff Red Tornado into a trash compactor!"

Clearly Kon's still angry about the whole thing. I'm not, curiously enough. I don't even feel fear at the idea of confronting Red Bonfire again. Stuff Marshal Law, confidence comes with a power ring. Red Tornado wasn't willing to share much information on his internal systems but I know that his armour will break if I hit it with railgun rounds and that I can now manoeuvre well enough to dodge his air currents. Without a scry ward I can track him though any cover he's likely to be able to get. Where's the threat?

"Are you so certain he cannot be redeemed?"

Diana? Maybe. I'm a bit... I don't think she'd exactly be okay with this. Make the message vague?

"Are you so sure he can?!"

"Perhaps, perhaps not. But even so, that makes him but the victim of his creator's programming. Certainly he deserves the chance to prove that he is more than the weapon others designed him to be."

Knew there was a reason he was in charge. Ring, charge?

Ninety percent remaining.

Hmm. Looks like transporting the bioship doesn't cost much more than transporting just me. Ugh, alright, I'll worry about informing the League later. If they had something strong enough to one shot an alert Lantern they wouldn't be hiding.

"Still ready up here. Stikk's in open ground at the moment."

"If everyone is prepared?"

A brief silence. Presumably they're nodding to him.

"Orange Lantern, go."

Transition.

Transition.

As the scenery skips I dive off the side of the hull, chaining the astonished Mister Stikk off the ground. Kon and Robin hit the ground next to him as I come in to land.

"I'm not a robot I'm not a robot I'm not a robot this time!"

Kon grabs hold of the front of his blue overalls. "Maybe we should check!"

Robin pushes him aside. "Where's Morrow?"

Bit of a risk, telling him we don't know. Over my shoulder I see the still cloaked bioship moving away to a better landing zone.

"W-? W-? W-? M-? Morrow? He's nowhere near here, it's the other one. I mean, I didn't really know what that crazy android was planning. You gotta stop him!"

Crazy android sounds bad, but Robin isn't letting himself get turned aside.

"Where. Is. Morrow?"

Get over here, then muzzle.

The lines linking me to the chains pull taut and pull our prisoner in front of me.

"Mister Stikk, you are panicking. That's annoying, so in a moment I am going to suppress your fear response and you are going to clearly and concisely explain what is happening. Are we clear? Just nod."

"Ummm!"

He nods.

"Glad to hear it. Ring, demuzzle and becalm."

"Morrow made an android of himself and it built a new super android that's going to kill all life on Earth."

"You see, that wasn't so hard. Now, what sort of opposition are we looking at?"

"Aaaah, Red Torpedo and Red Inferno are still down there."

Those sound so much better than what I guessed they were called. Kon steps over and yanks Stikk around to face him.

"What about Tornado?"

"He's still in pieces. The Morrow Android didn't have time to put him back together yet, but he's already transferred all his memories of the Justice League to Red Volcano."

Volcano. I remember seeing a documentary on the probable damage that will be caused when Yellowstone finally erupts. Plus: air, fire, water and earth. Robin's got his computer out to run a simulation.

"How much earth can Red Volcano move?"

"Well I don't know exactly, we only just turned him on. But, in theory? If everything works out it should easily be enough-."

"-to trigger an extinction level volcanic eruption!"

"Why were you working for him!"

Think Kon's a couple of seconds away from ripping his head off. Stikk looks like the fear's coming back.

"It was too good an opportunity to pass up. I mean, Thomas Morrow, the greatest robotics engineer of all time! And he wanted my help! Obviously he wasn't in any position to tell me anything, but he said that if I reactivated his android duplicate it could teach me everything he'd ever learned! And then the android wanted my help recovering some other robots, bring them back into working condition. I didn't think it was gunna kill everyone!"

Robin's eyes narrow. "Just the Justice League."

"Well-." Stikk realises a little late that that wasn't the most intelligent thing to say. "It's less than everyone."

I speak up before someone hits him. "Orange Lantern to team. Opposition located in underground base."

Ring, scan and transfer results to Robin's personal computer and the bioship.

Compliance.

Also, construct armour.

"Opposition is believed to comprise of four androids, Red Torpedo and Red Inferno who carried out the attack on our home last month, an android replica of Doctor Morrow and Red Volcano. Mister Stick, exactly how super is Red Volcano?"

"The other two Morrow built seventy years ago."

Whow. I need to scan them. And Android Morrow's memory if at all possible.

"Volcano's top of the line modern, next generation processor, better armour, stronger, faster. There was some other stuff, but Morrow didn't let me see what it was."

"Red Volcano, highly dangerous, full powers beyond earth control as yet undefined."

I'd like to think that there isn't any form of man portable armour I can't break. I certainly think it's true, but Morrow was so far ahead of all others in his field...

**Link is up.**

I turn and see the others jogging across the grassland. The sun won't be setting for another couple of hours, so there's no point in stealth mode. And frankly, I don't think it would do much good anyway.

**Aqualad, anything you want to ask him, or can I turn him loose?**

Angry stare from Kon. **Why should we let him go?**

**Because if we win we can pick him up later, and if we lose he'll die anyway.**

**Only one question.** Kaldur walks up to Stikk, his face tranquil. "Why did Red Tornado help you? Did one of the other androids program him with a virus?"

"Wu-? No. They just had an authentication code. One that could only come from Morrow. Or an android replica of him. I wanted to use a virus, but Morrow said it would have taken too long and we didn't know if Tornado had upgraded his own antivirus systems."

Kon looks at Kaldur, but he doesn't look happy at his vindication.

**We will enquire further once we have disabled his brethren.**

"Oh, one last question from me. How mentally complex are the other androids?"

"They'd.. pass a Turing Test. Torpedo and Inferno passed themselves off as human for years."

Torpedo. James Lockhart. I only just made the connection. Alan called him 'the only one of us who had the sense to quit'. Said he became a doctor.

"Who was Red Inferno!"

"Danette Reilly! Firebrand! She-."

I drop the construct in shock. "Nice woman. Took a.. bullet.. for Jay, in forty five."

"Well, more of a plasma beam, but yeah. Guess you'd know all about her."

How the hell. How. How the.

Alan must've of known, wouldn't he? Should I-? I share a bewildered look with Wallace. No, worry about this later.

"Get out of my sight."

"Rrrright."

He sidesteps our group and flees as fast as he can as Kaldur starts to lead the way to the target coordinates. As I numbly watch Stikk go I notice that Zatanna's joined us. In her silks. Well, I can do better than that.

**Zatanna, might I suggest that's not the most sensible choice of clothing-**

"I-." **I know, but the armour isn't ready yet.**

**You're welcome to my older set. I can easily alter it to your size.**

**Can it protect me from killer androids?**

**No, but it'll help with shrapnel and glancing blows.**

**Ah, alright then. What exactly..?**

Ring, alter my light armour to Zatanna's dimensions.

Compliance.

Tough biker trousers appear over her tights and a tough biker jacket appears over her jacket. It's still got my sigil and preferred colouration.

**Huh. Okaaay. Didn't realise you were into motorcycles.**

**I'm not, but it was the only place in New York open when I arrived on this planet in my pyjamas. Nice people.**

**Oh? Where was it?**

**Bluebeards Bikes.**

She frowns. **I think I've heard of it. Didn't everyone there get arrested for gun running and drug trafficking about two months ago?**

...

**They did? But they were so helpful.**

The hologram covering the entrance is obvious, now I'm here and looking for it. I haven't detected any unusual seismic activity yet. Two ways we could get in.

**So, Aqualad. Do we go in through the door or should I smash our way down?**

Kaldur's standing next to Robin, reviewing the map on his computer. **The interior of the complex does not seem to be particularly large. With no exterior sensors it is unlikely they are aware of our approach.**

I've located Torpedo and Inferno, standing against the wall in what appears to be the main workshop. A larger android -whom I presume to be Volcano- is standing next to a console, but I can't see Morrow and Tornado is still disassembled. How the heck did they build this place? Tonnes of rock must have been excavated without anyone noticing. I don't care if it was recent or back when Morrow was first active, someone should have noticed. Isn't this area full of seismic monitoring equipment?

For the benefit of my team mates, I generate life sized images of our opponents. Looks like Morrow was able to rebuild Torpedo's arm since our last encounter. Volcano is a big bastard. Don't want to risk a more intrusive scan in case he can detect it.

Wind's picking up a bit. I haven't really bothered looking at a weather forecast since coming to this world, as I can ignore virtually all of it. No idea if this is typical weather for this time of year, but since Tornado is very definitely down I think I can ignore it.

Kaldur looks over at our newest recruit. **Zatanna, are you able to make yourself invisible?**

**No. I've got a spell which makes it hard for people to notice me, but it doesn't work on cameras and I've never tried using it on robots before. I could.. try and come up with something.**

**No, it is too risky. Robin, Miss Martian, enter the base covertly and attempt to access the central com-.**

In an instant the winds go from gusty to hurricane force. Soil particles and small stones are sucked into the air around us and normal visibility drops away to the point where without the ring I wouldn't be able to see my hand in front of my face.

**Gaah!**

**Agh!**

Even as I hear M'gann and Robin cry out I'm stabilising myself. Ring, armour everyone, HUD and orangevision.

Orange lines radiate outwards from me to each of my team mates, but one flickers out almost immediately.

Unable to fully comply. Aqualad's armour resists-

Doof! A boulder smacks into my faceplate and I stagger back before bracing. Not hard enough to do noticeable damage, but it's basically impossible to track individual rocks in this condition.

-construct attachment.

**Aqualad to team. Report!**

**Orange Lantern, I'm fine. Armoured constructs are up and it should be able to take this. How's the visual enhancement working?**

**Miss Martian, I'm okay. I can't see who's doing this.**

**Zatanna, definitely talking to dad about armour when we get back.**

As the others report in I take a look around. Typhoon and Inferno are still where they were. Where's Volcano? Does he do something other than earth control? Is this a pyroclastic flow? No, temperature's too low, though the fast moving dust is starting to build up an electrical charge. Ring, identify the source of the wind.

No obvious meteorological source detected. Pattern matches wind generation technologies utilised by Red Tornado.

Another larger rock slams down onto my head.

Addendum: mass of airborne debris exceeds that which could be held aloft by air currents alone.

I check again, and I can see Red Tornado's head on a workbench.

Ring, find Red Volcano!

An indicator flashes up on my HUD as the ring complies with my instruction. Red Volcano is very clearly of a different generation to Red Tornado. For a start, his silhouette is far more human. He's built like a weight lifter and has abdominal tron lines. Tron abs. Jesus. There's a glowing triangle with a dot in the middle between his pecks. There's another smaller one on his forehead and I can't work out whether it's supposed to be a Masonic symbol or just decoration. Apparently next generation equals glowy.

"Your destruction is inevitable, humans."

Volcano's voice? He sounds almost bored. Despite the roaring winds I can hear him clearly.

Ring, relay to team mates. Also, railgun, anti-tank size.

Compliance.

The three metre long barrel appears next to me.

**Aqualad, I have a shot.**

**As do I. Zatanna, are you able to remove the dust from the air?**

**Um, yes? I think. But that won't stop Volcano just putting it back the next second.**

**I do not intend to give him a second. Robin, Kid Flash, when Zatanna removes the dust move to flank him. Superboy, frontal assault. Miss Martian, go above him and then go invisible. Orange Lantern, when Miss Martian tells you she's clear remove the armour construct. Artemis, Orange Lantern, fire the moment you have a clear shot.**

A chorus of acknowledgements.

Change gun, prepare to fire.

It starts to hum, but the iron jacketed tungsten projectiles are still in subspace.

**Zatanna. Now.**

"Dniw llits, dna pord lla tsud!"

I can barely hear her over the roar of the wind, but as soon as she finishes the roar drops away to nothing and the dust falls to the ground as if sucked by a vacuum cleaner. As it drops there's a flash as static electricity jumps from every part of the dust cloud into Kaldur's trident, which begins glowing brilliant white.

He jabs the trident in the direction of the now visible Red Volcano and a scintillating bolt of white flickers out at the android. Volcano's standing on a rectangular pillar of stone, presumably pulled earth bender style from the ground beneath him. He staggers slightly as the lightning strikes him in the chest, but the winds are already returning and boulders are pulled from the ground to shield him from any follow up attack.

Rightyho then.

Automatic fire.

I can't make out the hum over the sound of the wind but I do see the flare of colour as the dirt on the projectile's flight path is converted to plasma. Even as his shielding rocks obscure line of sight my HUD reveals him, and the rocks are nowhere near dense enough to stop the slugs hitting him in the chest. The next second the shielding rocks are just gone as an Arrow of Unmaking hits them dead centre. Penetrating power isn't something I designed those for, though an actual hit will mess him up.

And now I can see him tanking my shots like a peashooter.

"Inadequate. Red Tornado's mem-."

Then Kon hits him in the chest and knocks him off his ledge. The wind disappears almost immediately.

"Grrrraaaaaww!"

Kon is hurled to the side. I might have made him stronger than he was, but he doesn't weigh any more. There's a yellow blur and Wallace dashes in with the EMP mines and I try to reacquire the target.

Got him. Target-.

Rock and soil explode away from his location, forming a triple layered star of rock. He rises into the air, a wind funnel full of medium sized rocks protecting him.

"Red Tornado's memories and my next-gen processor make outthinking you children child's play."

**Good thing we haven't learned anything since he left. Artemis, I can take out his barrier.**

**I'll use one of your arrows. Do it.**

I hold out my left hand, palm extended.

Destruction.

I find it hard to get into the right frame of mind for orange light energy pulses. I'd rather take an object apart, understand and try to learn from it. Against an unprotected living opponent it's just too powerful to risk. A normal human would be obliterated by a glancing blow, and it's hard to judge precisely when an energy shield will fail. But, from what Tornado was willing to share about his schematics he can survive on emergency power with just his head and I can't think of a reason why Volcano would be any different.

The pulse of orange light from my ring doesn't look like all that much. Bit like a really small photon torpedo. It takes longer to hit the target than a round from my sidearm would. The rail gun and the gamma cannon and the particle cannon, there's an obvious gun thing right there. This looks like it should be the real life equivalent of a pistol in Doom or a Chitin Short Bow from Morrowind. The weakest ranged attack of all.

Nope.

Orange light flares as it batters a metre wide hole through the three layers of rock protecting him and detonates inside the inner tornado. Rock? Gone. Dust? Gone. Wind? All of the energy he put into it just isn't there any more. If I knew more about physics, that would probably upset me.

"Emoceb desufnoc dna deredliweb!"

Volcano falls out of the air, slamming into the inside of his rear fortification as Artemis lets fly. The arrow moves in a perfect arc through the hole, striking Volcano in the right shoulder as he tries to stagger upright. There's a sort of swooshing noise, and his right upper arm and a chunk of the right of his torso crumble to nothing. He must be made of something very dense for it to destroy that little. His elemental control systems are probably located in the centre of his chest, so she'll need to hit it again. Don't want to waste this chance.

Ring, scan him in detail.

Processing.

"Grrraaaagghhh!"

The air shimmers as a wave of superheated air roars from Volcano! Magma fountains up from the ground around him and the outer ring of rocks glows red before liquefying and flying outwards, filling the air with molten rock. I see droplets land on my armour and on those of my team mates. Okay, still not enough to-.

The ground disappears beneath me! I lose track of my surroundings as I'm enveloped on all sides by molten rock. My armour holds... it should keep holding, but I've never tested it with magma before. How much energy..? I can't see out! Come on, why isn't the HUD..?

Depth increasing. Connection to external armour constructs lost.

Depth?

Current depth is three hundred thirteen metres below sea level and falling.

Display depth and rise!

Numbers appear on my HUD. I focus on trying to fly through the superheated rock, but my only guide is the compass and distance indicator. It's going down, but far more slowly than I would like.

**Still alive. Should be with you momentarily.**

I hear nothing in response. Oh goodness, can they survive that sort of attack without my armour? Kaldur and Kon should be able to take small amounts of molten rock...

Warning: magma pressure increasing.

The compass spins as something pushes me to the side. Keep going! Is this... Is he setting off the volcano?

Warning: armour integrity decreasing.

Reknit.

Warning: armour integrity decreasing. Armour will fail before surface is reached.

Um um um um um...

He can't have caused the eruption already...

Ring, width of the lava tube?

Boundary imprecise, approximately twenty metres.

Display closest edge!

Compliance.

I don't appear to be falling any further, but this is the slowest twenty metres I've ever flown. Does the fact that I'm not being pulled down further mean that Volcano's been killed or just distracted? Come on, move! Finally, my surroundings start to dim as I pass the boundary until the only light is coming from my own armour. Fine, drill, get me back to the surface. And -ugh- message to Green two eight one four A and B: assistance requested in Yellowstone Park. Supervolcano erupting. You're allowed to help with that, right?

Guhh!

Warning: rock pressure increasing.

Yes, I'd noticed. Right. Errr... Volcanoes generate extremely hard rock. Now that the bit I'm in is relatively solid there's nowhere for it to get moved to when I tunnel. And if Volcano keeps moving it around... Anyone above me? No? Right. I need to get back to my team mates. Destroy!

The pulse of orange light disintegrates a clean hole through the rock above me, and I rocket out after it. The place Volcano was standing is a volcano now, solid rock partially melted and forced upward by the pressure of magma Volcano is pulling. Nooooot good.

Status of team? A few burns, nothing immediately life threatening. Where's Volcano? Standing up to his waist in molten rock, being covered in flame.. by.. Red Inferno..? What? Volcano tries creating a magma tornado around himself only for Red Torpedo to quench it, causing it to collapse under its own weight. Volcano tries raising himself out of the lava with a solid rock platform only for Kon to leap across the molten pool to punch through it, shattering it and making our adversary fall. Might need to rethink his armour situation; his clothes have burned off and the skin beneath is reddening. Kryptonians might project a force field a few millimetres around their skin but Danner Formula enhanciles don't.

Inferno... Danette... Whatever, she drops on Volcano feet first, driving him under. Then.. she.. follows him down? Volcano tries to struggle free only for Torpedo to dive in and grapple his remaining arm.

No.

!Mine!

Transition.

Kon snaps his head around as I dive past him back into the magma. OrangeVision shows me the robot's positions. I force myself after them, throwing up a fountain of liquid rock behind me. The two older robots are visibly melting, and Volcano's disintegrating around the hole Artemis made.

For Alan.

The orange beams strike Inferno and Torpedo, forcing the magma away from their skin and holding their chassis together as best it can.

Mine.

Volcano jerks and dims as something critical get melted. Right. We're out of here. Volcano's remains drop away as I pull Inferno and Torpedo with me out of the super heated morass.

Alert! Critical system damage to attendant robots.

Yikes, they look it. Don't have full scans of their systems... Improvise! I've got Volcano's scan... Do it. The ring starts repairs based on that template as we come in to land at the edge of the combat zone. Core systems only, cognition and main power. They're not going to be pretty, but I'll be bringing two of Alan's old colleagues back from the dead. Inferno collapses onto her front when we touch down, melted joints locking her limbs in place. Torpedo's legs are completely melted, leaving him as a torso propped up on his solidifying stumps.

And then a giant cloud of ash and dust shoots up into the air as the eruption begins in earnest.

Well, fiddlesticks.

"Paul!" Kon bounds over to us.

Um.

Clothes.

"Hello Superboy. Know anything about volcanoes?"

"You're alive!"

"No, I'm just pretending." He blinks. I sag inwardly. "Yes, I'm alive. My construct armour can take being submerged in molten rock. Just about. But seriously, volcanoes?"

He shakes his head. "Yeah, plenty, but not how to stop an erupting supervolcano."

**Oh El, that you?**

**Yes Kid Flash, I'm here.**

**Alright. Everyone! We're on the edge of a stage three supervolcano eruption. There's no turning back from that! We need to vent pressure fast, then we have to deal with an ash cloud big enough to cause a nuclear winter.**

I look up into the sky. Shiiiiit.

**Oh El, can you do something to contain the cloud?**

**I.. don't know... Constructs that big... I'll just have to try.**

Core system repair complete.

Maybe...

Use my memory of their voice and scans of Volcano to restore their vocal systems, and let them hear me.

Compliance.

I see explosions on the body of the volcanic protuberance. It stops growing, but begins vomiting forth even more ash.

"Doctor Lockheart, Ms Reilly. Got a bit of a volcanic eruption going on. Anything you can do to help?"

Inferno shakes for a moment, trying and failing to move her burned out limbs. "I do not believe there is anything I can do. I.. am sorry."

Freeze gun? I have the schematics of one of Captain Cold's older models on file. I somehow don't think it would be up to the task.

"I may be able to help."

Torpedo's head shudders slightly to the right in an attempt to look at me. The left side of his face is slag, while his red right eye flickers and flashes.

"With assistance, I should be able to manipulate atmospheric water to precipitate the ash from the air. Father showed us your fight with Mister Twister. Is Aqualad with you?"

**Aqualad, Zatanna, Red Torpedo thinks that we could clear the ash by making it rain. Could the three of you get enough water into the air to make that happen?**

**It is possible, but we need to move quickly. Can-?**

I extend the environmental shield around the robots and Kon. Transition.

We appear next to Kaldur. Wallace and Robin are trying to work something out on the latter's computer. Kaldur looks at me, then at what's left of Torpedo.

**Is he..?**

**His brain and water control system are fine.**

"Very well. Zatanna, we should be able to get the necessary quantities of water airborne but have no experience in creating rain."

"Um, neither do I. I'll try.. Okay! I think I've got it."

Kaldur raises his trident, and I shift Torpedo's torso around to be facing the same direction.

"Red Torpedo, on the count of three."

"I am prepared."

"One, two, three."

I've seen Kaldur move large volumes of water around with the trident before, during practice. Torpedo managed to raise the water level of the entire hangar. Now, I watch as a wall of water fifty metres across blasts into the air as if thrown by a high pressure hose. Where is that even coming from? There shouldn't be liquid water this close on a erupting volcano, surely?

"Retaw, esir otni eht yks dna niar no lla eht hsa!"

Right, okay, I need to get up there. Transition.

I reappear in what I think is low orbit. Look towards the planet I see the tiny mushroom cloud of the Yellowstone eruption. I remember the scene in Supreme Power where a young Hyperion flies high into the air then holds out his hand to block his view of Earth. The ash cloud looks so tiny, so insignificant, yet I know that Wallace was correct in his assessment.

Closer.

The sky darkens as I reappear level with the top of the plume. A cloud isn't a solid body, and though I'm not in the main body of the ash particles are impacting on my armour construct. Looking down I can see the colossal amounts of water being thrown up, cutting into the mushroom stem. Magnify. Yep, that's working.

**Good work, the lower part of the ash cloud is falling to earth. If you increase pressure a little...**

**That.. would prove difficult. I am.. -ah!- struggling to maintain the current level of water flow.**

**Okay, er, how about I come down and pick up Torpedo? You could pass it up to him?**

**I do not believe that I would be able to relay sufficient water.**

**Right, right. Okay, I'll try something.**

The ash is being thrown aloft by hot air, right? I just need to drop it down to the level of the clouds Zatanna is creating. Ring, cold gun, wide beam.

Compliance.

The rifle-sized construct appears off to my left. There isn't enough water up here for the signature frost beam to appear, but a gouge is cut in the mushroom head as the air freezes and loses the ability to support the mass of detritus. Not fast enough. I'm only affecting a tiny part of it. Ring, remaining charge?

Sixty five percent remaining.

Plenty. Multiple cold guns. Break the cloud up.

I'm having an effect, but I have no idea how to tell whether this is working fast en-.

A giant green turbofan appears over the main body of the ash, blasting it down into the clouds.

"Yes, Orange Lantern, we are allowed to help with that."

I look around. Turbofan, of course it's Jordan. With most of the ash being forced down by the higher pressure air I focus the cold guns on the periphery. Once the high altitude is clear I move onto the rain clouds below. Don't want to cause a nuclear winter with steam clouds after all. Right, think that's about done. Atmosphere clearing, Jordan floats over to my position, keeping himself slightly higher in the air.

"You wanna explain what this is about?"

Should I leave that to Kaldur? Oh, it can't hurt to give him a summary.

"We found Thomas Morrow. Well, a Thomas Morrow android replica actually. He has-."

I look down. Hmm.

"Probably had, now. Had a base under Yellowstone where he was building another android, with the aim of activating the supervolcano and destroying all nonrobotic life on Earth. We beat the new android with the help of the two other androids who attacked the cave last month, not sure why but we can ask them later. The Morrow android had a human assistant who I was about to go and pick up. Team's basically in good condition and there were no civilian casualties but I regret to report that the new android got reduced to slag."

His eyes narrow slightly. "And Red Tornado?"

Um?

"So what happened to Tornado?"

"Hm? Oh, Robin ran into Morrow's base once the fight started. Grabbed his head, downloaded some files. It was Tornado giving the other two a speech that got them to join in on our side. The League's building him a new body, apparently this isn't the first time he's been damaged like this."

Thomas sits back in his chair on the other side of the divide. After the thing with Ivo I thought I'd make an effort to come during normal visiting hours today. Several of the guards took time out from their busy schedule of scowling at people to greet me when I came in, mostly people I'd healed after the break out attempt. That felt good, actually.

"You saved the whole darn planet, just like that."

"What, you mean by dumb luck? Yes, pretty much. I mean, no one knew Morrow was going to try something like that. All too often, that's what it comes down to."

"And y'all kicked his ass anyways."

"His ass got ground into scrap by Red Volcano, but yes, basically. Even with earth, wind and fire manipulation we were able to bring enough force to bear that his new robot couldn't cope."

"Lemme make shure ah'm hearin' y'right. Wahl ah've been coolin' mah heels inside a' heeyah, you gots t'fight two super robots-"

"I didn't really fight them much myself."

"-super monkeys, super rats an' super gorillas-"

"Team effort, but yes."

"-an' some kinda crazy plant monstah."

The League appears to have decided that telling people that we'd been sent to fight the Injustice League would push even the relaxed child endangerment laws of this version of the United States. Diana said that I could mention my involvement -being over eighteen- but I decided not to in a show of solidarity.

"A lot of people fought that thing."

"Guess you were righaht abaht getting bettah fights thun me."

"And don't forget the company. I mean, I'm sure Tuppence is a peach once you get to know her, but that's it, right?"

"She stiw not talkin' t'you?"

"No, no she's not."

He shifts a little in his chair. "Ah told her she should. Not lahk our Mama or Daddy gonna be visitin' any tahm soon."

I understand about his mother but I don't see why his father wouldn't visit, even if it was just to give them a hard time about it. Perhaps a new subject?

"Ooh, I've been meaning to ask actually. There's this guy.. urp, sorry, skipping ahead. Have you always been as strong as you are?"

"Hehw mahn, with this here collar own, ahm as weak as a puppy."

"You know what I mean."

"Yeah. So?"

"Have you ever though about why?"

He frowns. He's not stupid, but he is unused to self reflection. "Ahm a metuhhuman. Same as Tuppy."

"That's really more of a category than a... Look, I'll cut to the chase. As far as I can work out, before you and your sister were born you were dosed with something called the Danner Formula."

His eyes narrow a little and he frowns. "How'd that happen?"

"No idea. Shouldn't have happened, there's a handful of places it could have come from. No idea how your mother got hold of it."

"This Dannah stuff do anythang else?"

"You heal faster than most people and you'll probably live a bit longer. There may be other effects, we haven't really studied it enough. Reason I bring this up, other than yourself and your sister I know of one other Danner Formula enhanced human in the world and he told me that he wants to meet you."

"Who?"

"His name's Doctor Arnold Munro. His grandfather was the man who created the Formula."

"An' he's strong as me an' Tuppy?"

"Roughly. He's probably a little past his prime."

"Is he related to us or somein'?"

"No. Well, I don't think so, I didn't really... Oh, no, everything I've read on the subject says that Formula doesn't run in families. He's just interested in meeting someone else like him."

Thomas shrugs. "Sure. Not lahk I got someplace else t'be. You kin send him raht along."

"Oh, he will be pleased."

I take a moment to absorb the sounds of the room. Ms Snart's back speaking to her brother, who both recognised me and found the time to sneer at me as I walked over to Thomas' booth. Don't recognise the rest. Mostly mothers and a few wives. A couple of what even the most ardent campaigner against racial profiling will excuse me for calling gang members.

I mean, damn. Living the stereotype.

"One last thing-."

He rolls his eyes. "Yeah, they do GED courses."

He tries moving the chair closer to the screen, which doesn't work due to being bolted to the floor. Recognising this, he shuffles to the edge of the chair and leans over.

"Be abaht tha only guy doin' it. Whuts it gonna do fer me, anyway?"

"Probably nothing. That isn't the point. You do it, it shows that you're doing something productive with your time. Show that someone who might want to give you a job can trust you to do it and not just go on another rampage. You give that any thought?"

"Whut was that thang you said? Ship breakin'? Hows that wurk?"

"Companies have old ships they need breaking up for scrap. Usually they sail the big ones over to India and pay the locals peanuts to take them apart slowly with power tools. But, given how strong you are, you could rip one up in a couple of hours."

"Pays peanuts?"

"For a couple of hundred guys working for weeks, yes. For one man working for a few hours? If they paid you a tenth of what they'd have to pay their entire workforce it would still be worth their while, and you'd still make thousands of dollars."

"Fer real?"

"Sure! Look, are you looking for something that pays really well, something that's fun, or something that's kind of a mix?"

"Think ah'd always enjoy getten that much moneh."

"Thomas, I've got to be honest with you: I think you'd love getting paid to smash up a ship. You'd probably quite like getting paid to smash up three or four. But by the end of the second month, when it's just another day at work? I don't think you'd like it so much."

"Maybe. Whut else?"

"I know LexCorp is doing research on the Danner Formula. That's who Doctor Munro is working for. Probably be better talking to him if you want to get involved with that. There's quite good money in being a celebrity bodyguard, but you'll need to learn a lot of things to make a go of that. I imagine some rap musicians would love having a metahuman ex-con bodyguard, but they'll need to know that you'll stick at it."

"Fight'n off rival rappers? You think that'll be fun?"

"Oh, no. It'd be boring as Helheim."

"As whut?"

"Its like... Viking hell, but more boring. By the time a record company big enough to make it worth your time gets hold of them they're well tamed. All mouth and trousers. But if you need an outlet, if that's what it takes, I know a few people in your weight class you could spar with."

"Lahk who?"

I smile. "You enjoyed fighting Wonder Woman, didn't you?"

*Supplementary, Renegade*
11th October
13:07 GMT -5

Mister Kord holds the data stick up like a banknote of uncertain providence.

"Not that I wanna sound ungrateful, but doesn't the League usually give this sorta thing to STAR Labs?"

The visitor chair in his office was clearly inadequate for a man of my dimensions, to say nothing of my weight. He didn't appear to have thought of that in advance and was a little self conscious about it until I simply lifted it aside and created a construct chair instead.

"STAR Labs has a copy as well, but I was able to convince Wonder Woman that it would be advantageous to make use of this information sometime before the next millennium."

"Okay, but why me?"

"WayneTech doesn't have a cybernetics division."

"LexCorp does. North American Robotics would kill for something like this."

Because I know a trap when I smell one. I don't intend to unproductively provoke my superiors in the League by suggesting something like that. They didn't appear to care about me killing a sophont android and the furore over me killing Ocean Master seems to have died down, but I'm on best behaviour for the foreseeable future.

"The League is reluctant to work with Mister Luthor, in part due to the ongoing dispute between him and Superman."

"Mm, well, given all the practical work Doctor Morrow did it shouldn't be too hard to get something into production. Red Torpedo's synthetic skin was really that good?"

"No one noticed anything wrong for seventy years. Appearance, temperature and texture all pass all but the closest examination."

"I've seen some experimental designs that actually use living tissue..?"

"No, all synthetic. The body is hairless and the eyebrows and eyelashes don't grow. We're still not sure how his hairstyle changed."

"Maybe the Morrow android visited him every few years?"

"Perhaps. I believe that Batman is following up on the matter today."

"What happened to Torpedo anyway?"

Ah.

"A little embarrassing, that. When he and Red Inferno attacked our base he caught me with my trousers down. Literally. I was forced to fight him without this ring."

I hold it up. I hadn't really given it any thought before, but it is a little interesting how it resized itself when I grew to my current stature.

"Since I didn't know precisely how he was controlling the water I couldn't risk leaving much intact."

Mister Kord puts down the stick and pokes the mechanical arm lying on the desk before him.

"So..?"

"That used to be his, yes. Once he was out of commission it was a trivial matter to collect the ring, and after that..."

"Wasn't.. wouldn't Red Inferno be as powerful as Red Tornado?"

"Perhaps." I shrug. "She was built a little earlier and has a smaller chassis. From what I observed, she was able to generate flame without reference to an external heat source, while in the absence of air Red Tornado would be unable to create his signature twisters. Her, I was able to bring down whole."

"And she led you to Morrow?"

"It would be more true to say that our invasive probing of her brain led us to Morrow. Impressive cryptography, I'm told."

"And Tornado was okay with you doing that to his.. sister..?"

"He wanted to access her mental network himself. Fortunately I was able to convince the League that such an attempt would create unnecessary risk."

"I saw a piece on the news this morning about the League's attack on Morrow's base at Yellowstone."

"The Morrow android and his assistant are in custody, and their improved android was destroyed in the attack. With my assistance-"

And that of my team mates, but Theodore Kord isn't cleared to know about us quite yet.

"-it was possible to take the base whole and undamaged. They haven't decided what to do with the Morrow android yet. According to Wonder Woman it behaves exactly as he did when he fought the Justice Society."

"Any luck finding the man himself?"

"Tornado tracked him to a hospice in Milwaukee. He isn't much of a threat to anyone anymore, and won't be one at all before too long." I make a shrugging gesture with my right arm.

"Given how old he is... Not much point in attempting to bring him to trial, really. Tornado wanted to spend some time with him before he finally dies."

"What are they doing with Red Inferno?"

"I'm not sure. Morrow did something to her when he removed her from her grave to reactivate her. She retains her memories of being Danette Reilly, but as if they were lived by someone else. Without her 'father' to give direction she is somewhat aimless, but it's a League matter now."

Perhaps the greatest cause for concern, I can't see her desires in the same way I can see her younger brother's. Perhaps it was not some action of Morrow's, but the fact of her death causing her soul to be cast adrift? Could Constantine or Papa Midnite find and reattach it? Something to ponder.

"What exactly.. does the League.. want?"

"That you use this information for the greater good. In terms of civil uses, I imagine you could find a market for improved cybernetics and robotics. Personally, I would be interested in acquiring armour based on the epidermis of the final android. It proved immensely resilient."

But not power ring or magic sword proof. Even Morrow can't build quite that sophisticated just yet. Probably won't get the chance now. I know it's necessary but I can't help but feel that it's an unfortunate loss to the species.

"I can get our robotics people working on this right away, but if there's as much information here as your saying it's gonna take a while to sift through it all."

"Then don't. I arranged the contents by category, just find something with commercial potential and bring it to market as fast as is practical. You aren't on an overall time limit here."

He thinks for a moment. "Does it include information on Morrow's element control technology?"

I give a shallow nod and faint smile. "Yes."

"Oh God." He puts his right hand over his mouth. "There's so many civilian applications for that I don't even know where to... We could shut down tornadoes before they form. Control flood waters, stop fires, halt earthquakes."

"I knew I came to the right place."

"Blue Beetle, power armoured master of the elements!"

And there goes my confidence.

*Episode 16*: Contingency

14th October
13:56 GMT -5

I dash down the corridors of the Allen Hospital in what I fully appreciate is a panic. Come on, come on, they said it was around here somewhere!

"-complete overreaction, Diana. I just tripped. Coulda happened to anyone."

There! I darn near bounce off the wall at the end of a T junction, feet scrabbling for grip on the squealing floor.

"Alan, you're not a young man anymore. Doctor Jacobs is just concerned-."

I shove through the door to Alan's room, and they both turn their heads to look at me. Diana's wearing.. tweeds and a shawl? Guess she finds it hard not to get noticed around New York. Alan's still in jeans and a slightly rumpled shirt, sitting on the edge of the bed nearest the door and slightly turned away from the walking frame positioned at the end of it.

"Oh, not you too. It's noth-"

I cross the gap between us, bend down and hug him.

"-thing. Okay." He hugs me back. "Clearly I.. scared you more than I thought I did."

As I loosen my grip I get my first good look at his face. The skin around his right eye is purpling in a way which suggests a black eye in the not too distant future. That skin which had been smooth and blemish free when we first met three months ago has taken on the looser and more wrinkled look I remember from my grandparents. His formerly wheat blonde hair is now noticeably greying. Maybe I'm imagining things, but his eyes seem a little dimmer too.

"Paul, I'm okay. I just caught my foot on the edge of the step when I was carrying some.. ah, some things upstairs. Hit the side of my face. But I'm fine, really."

No you're not. You're ninety three and you had a fall. My Nan was younger than you and she never fully recovered from her first fall. I knew he'd age but I thought we'd have more time than this!

Ring, heal.

Unable to comply.

I hold up my left palm to stare at the stupid thing.

"Well why not!?"

"A high proportion of the substance of the target individual is etheric in nature. Its alignment resists modification by orange light. Though it is possible to proceed, the most probable result is further damage."

"Paul, it's fine. I've been bruised worse than this plenty of times. I remember in my first fight with Grundy-."

"Okay, it's not a problem, you can just use your ring. Where did you leave it?"

His eyes dip to the floor for a second, and then he makes eye contact with Diana. "Well, I... Until you showed me, I didn't even know power rings could be used for healing."

"Now you know, and if Guy can get the hang of it then you should... What?"

"Paul, I... I thought I told you."

"Told me what?"

"My ring's been out of juice for three weeks now. Can't get a durn thing out of it."

Nooooo.

"Oh, come on, I'm not going to drop down dead tomorrow. I'm not touching that walker, though."

"Do you want a hand up?"

He shuffles his weight right to the edge of the bed, arms supporting himself on both sides. A little gingerly he shifts the load to his legs, standing up fully once he's sure they can take it. Once he's up I realised that I was standing by to catch him if something went wrong.

"There, see? I'll take things a little slower for a few days, next time this week I'll be good as new." He frowns and looks me over. "You're not skipping out of class to be here, are you?"

"No. Mister.. Jones is teaching mental techniques I already know. Apparently, power ring users tend to shrug off weak mental illusions anyway."

In Carpe Jugulum, Nanny Ogg said that Discworld vampire hunters get drunk before they go hunting, as vampires find it hard to get through the 'fog' surrounding their thoughts. Turns out? Probably not true for here. Mister J'onzz can send me to sleep when my ring generated telepathic shields are down, but when I focus to create a construct simple telepathic illusions and attempts at mental misdirection tend to fade away. Wish that had been true when I first moved into the mountain, could have wrapped that whole thing with the G-Gnome up very quickly.

"How is Kon coping with it?"

Can't be very often a man honestly forgets that Diana is in the room with him. From her smirk I think she may have spotted it.

"He seems to be doing okay. He certainly sees the value of it, and he did some practise with M'gann when she removed his Cadmus programming."

She pushes open the door and holds it open. I wait while Alan walks out ahead of me.

"He said that you were having dinner with Artemis tomorrow."

Alan's head jerks around and he gives me a grin.

"Oooh?"

"I'm having dinner with Artemis and her mother. Her mother had a spinal injury and I repaired it with the ring, they invited me over to say thank you."

A quick check online suggested that Artemis was wrong about the etiquette. A bottle of wine might be appropriate, but I don't drink and Artemis can't drink legally. Oh, wait, America. Neither Artemis nor I can drink legally. I think they'll like my alternative, but I am a little worried that I might have overdone things again.

"Getting on her mother's good side already?" He turns to Diana while pointing at me. "This is what happens when you teach them strategic planning."

No. No.

"Alan, Artemis -I like her- but she's a bit young for me."

Diana nods. "You have been spending a good deal of time with her sister. And I think Ollie said something about her recently divorced mother looking noticeably younger?"

My face freezes as I look at Diana. She's an Amazon! She shouldn't be allowed to make this sort of joke! Change the subject change the subject.

"Diana, do you have a bow?"

She raises her eyebrows slightly and Alan chuckles.

"I've trained with most types of weapon. Why do you ask?"

"No, I mean, do you have a bow like your training swords? One where you can use it at full strength without breaking it?"

"I do, but it's a little impractical; I can shoot an arrow further than I can see. Why do you ask?"

"Can I..? Is it possible for me to commission weapons like that? Or armour?"

"I.. suppose. I'd have to ask Io. But why would you want one?"

"I was thinking of getting Artemis one as a pres-."

They both nod as if understanding has dawned.

"NOT LIKE THAT!"

16th October
11:56 GMT -5

Doctor Lockhart shakes his head emphatically.

"You're not listening, little brother. I didn't even like being Red Torpedo all that much when I thought I was Human."

Robin and I are in Red Tornado's quarters. Not what I'd call comfortable. The rock and the metal of the floor are bare but for a workshop area with a small fabrication plant where Robin is working. No, that isn't quite right. There's a small shelf on the main workbench upon which rests a small number of items which seem out of place. Keepsakes? Is that really all he's kept from sixty years of life? Given how personal they must be I haven't wanted to look too closely.

"If that is truly your choice then I will respect it."

Red Tornado is making do with a temporary body, mostly made from salvaged parts of Mister Twister. The oversized arms make him look a bit like a gorilla. Creaks less than his normal one though. He wanted us to focus on repairing his siblings, but once we removed Morrow's control programming his brother was quite definite that he did not want to be restored to combat effectiveness. His highest priority was looking like Doctor James Lockhart again. He had been wearing highly sophisticated synthetic flesh when the Morrow android took him from the Windward Assisted Living Home in Bar Harbour, Maine. When Morrow cut it off him he put it in storage in his base but both skin and base were destroyed during the eruption. Now I've finally finished reattaching the replacement version he looks exactly like the old man on the missing posters.

"My choice would be for this whole mess never to have happened."

He's got back into crotchety old man character almost as soon as he reactivated. Not sure if it's a behaviour subroutine activated by the presence of skin in order to preserve his cover or a coping mechanism. I could relate to that. He even wanted us to remove his water control system, but that just isn't possible. It serves as his main power source and we're nowhere near advanced enough to replace it with something of comparable output or size. His other systems are now back in working order, though not restored to factory settings as we just don't have those. He also refused to upgrade to the 'next generation' processor that his youngest brother had.

Red Inferno turns her head from where she's lying on a sort of steel bed thing. Unlike her eldest brother she has opted to be brought up to full combat effectiveness. We still haven't finished finalising her design. Since I am very far from understanding how Morrow's systems are supposed to work my best suggestion has been a smaller and more feminine version of Volcano's body but at the moment I've limited myself to restoring her head and giving her the processor upgrade Torpedo refused, the rest of her body being skeletal robotic components that grant her mobility but little else. That's what Robin is working on now.

"If Father had not come for you then you might have remained in the Home indefinitely. In spite of appearances you do not age. Finding out simply means that you are less ignorant."

"Then ignorance is bliss." He looks down for a moment, trying to work out how best to articulate his bitterness. "The only people this works out for are my medical insurance providers. What a waste of money that was. Ah, to hell with it. Who do I have to see about getting a ride home?"

He could just walk out to sea and then travel there himself. Not sure exactly what his top speed is. Guess he just doesn't want to. I shuffle nervously. I feel like I'm intruding on a family row, but I can't leave without drawing attention to myself.

Red Tornado takes a step forwards.

"There is no need for you to return there. You know now that your apparent infirmity was part of your infiltration programming. If you wanted, you could live elsewhere."

"I appreciate what you're trying to do, Tornado, I really do. But right now I just need to be somewhere familiar."

Red Tornado lowers his head slightly. "There is a Zeta tube in Augusta. I will escort you.. home. Would it be acceptable if I were to visit you, once you have had a chance to settle back in?"

Doctor Lockhart hunches slightly. I know that there's nothing wrong with his motors or joints, though they're much weaker than the ones which his original chassis had. Habit, I suppose. He looks over Tornado's mismatched body parts for a moment.

"Sure. Sure. Everyone else gets visits from family, and it's not like any of us have anyone else."

Red Tornado walks over to the floor opening to his quarters and opens the iris. Doctor Lockhart follows him, but Tornado hesitates for a moment.

"What of our father?"

"That rat bastard can die in his bed for all I care."

"I had thought that the.. Human thing to do would be to look after him. Since you are a medical doctor and have no other responsibilities-."

"First time I met our father he ordered me out of my home, had me dig up Da-. Our sister's body, ordered me to kidnap you and nearly kill a group of children, and then try to destroy the human race by setting off a supervolcano. Hate's a very human characteristic too, Tornado. Maybe you should try that instead."

He takes hold of his brother's proffered right arm and they rise up in the air a little with a blast of wind before dropping through the hole to the training area. I relax slightly.

"Orange Lantern." Red Inferno is looking at me. If our first meeting had left any residual fear of her, seeing her partially dismantled body would have removed them. "I wish to.. apologise, for my actions while under Father's command."

I walk over to the bed/slab thing. I'm trying to make the angle more comfortable for her.. but that actually doesn't make sense. Her neck actuators can handle any angle they can make with no pain feedback. Not that she's getting any pain feedback at present. She looks a bit like.. I don't know, actually. Not a Cylon, not a Terminator, not a Necron. Her arms and legs are basic to say the least. There are motors in the joints, but with none of the super strength muscle fibres her combat avatar had she looks skeletal to say the least. Her spine -which is clearly visible as we haven't even started on the outer plating yet- supports her head and connects to legs salvaged from the robot version of Mister Stikk. Wires from her power plant/fire control system visibly run to every part that requires power from a box hanging from her shoulders under her head.

I wave her apology off. "Oh don't worry. I was fine once I got the ring back."

Robin looks up from the computer interface he's working at. "You were kind of a mess before that, Oh El."

"I couldn't really see myself. But I'm not going to hold a grudge over an injury I could easily heal, particularly when inflicting it wasn't really your choice."

"That is not entirely true."

Eh?

"While I was compelled to obey Father's instructions, it was my decision how those orders were to be implemented. Though I bore you no personal malice I took the decision to rouse you by burning your face, and to strike you when I found I could not deny the logic of your arguments."

That's a bit...

"May I ask why you made that decision?"

She turns her head to stare up at the ceiling. A minute passes and I start to get concerned for her well-being.

"Danette Reilly was not merely working as a superhero, she... I devoted myself completely to becoming the most heroic person I could be. She had no other interests. No friends beyond her team mates. When she saw Dragon King pointing a weapon at The Flash... At Jay, she did not hesitate. She died knowing that she had done the right thing. That was her identity. Then, I woke up, and I was no longer Danette Reilly. I found myself compelled to obey a man I knew to be villainous in contravention of her every moral belief. I wanted to lash out and you were convenient. That choice was mine."

No, I still don't see any point in holding a grudge about it. "If you wanted, you could be Danette Reilly -Firebrand- again. We can restore your chassis and it's not as if having two names is uncommon around here."

"Danette would not hesitate to say yes. I am no longer certain."

"If you aren't certain, why did you ask to be fully repaired?"

"I cannot rely on my own judgements. But, whatever new goal I decide to pursue being fully functional would make achieving it easier. In addition, it allows me to delay making that final decision."

"Would it help you to talk about it with Jay Garrick or Alan Scott?"

Her head reorientates on me. Diana and her were in the All-Star Squadron together, but she told me that she was going to hold off on reintroducing herself until Inferno was ready for it. She hasn't told their other surviving contemporaries yet. She told me that she hadn't known that Danette was a robot, but that she couldn't swear that the others hadn't.

"They are still alive?"

"Yes. You didn't know? Alan mentioned you when we were going through his photo albums a few weeks ago."

"Do they know what I truly am?"

"Not sure. I've been meaning to ask. But I think you're doing Alan a grave disservice if you think he'd care."

16th October
15:53 GMT -5

Teekl sniffs at the corner of the stone block I'm sitting on before jumping up onto it. Captain Marvel only just got Teekl's approval for taking care of Wolf for the duration of the exercise, but Wolf herself has apparently decided that she's had enough excitement for now and has gone to sleep in his arms. Her adopted kitten in safe hands Teekl has condescended to resume her original stature. Odd, I'd started getting used to her being a big cat. Kon, Aqualad, Artemis and M'gann are already lying down on their blocks, while Robin and Wallace seem a good deal less happy about the situation. Mister J'onzz is standing off to the side talking to Batman while we prepare ourselves.

**Does this seem like a really bad idea to anyone else?**

I wonder if Wallace realises that Mister J'onzz can almost certainly hear that? I will admit to not being entirely sanguine about the situation myself. I mean, he had a point when he pointed out that there isn't really any other way to practise for an alien invasion. But when he said 'fully immersive telepathic illusion' my Star Trek redshirt death sense started tingling.

**Wally. This sort of training is a core part of the Manhunter training program. Uncle J'onn has been through hundreds of this sort of sessions like this, and I've done dozens. It's perfectly safe.**

I should probably ask. **Has he ever done this with humans before?**

**Of course he has! The Justice League do training like this all the time.**

**Uncle Barry said he did it twice.**

**Well... Okay, but they still did it.**

**And my telepathic shield construct won't disrupt it?**

**Your awareness will be limited to the illusory world. You won't be able to form real constructs, just alter the illusion based on what you'd normally be able to do.**

**Has that been tested? I don't want to risk smashing up the place by creating a construct in the real world.**

**The Green Lanterns did the training. They glowed a bit, but they didn't create any constructs.**

**And what happens if I try to use the ring in an original way? Something I haven't tried before?**

**Like what?**

**Errrr... Telepathy broadcast disruptor?**

**Well, your shields wouldn't-.**

**No, I mean something that would disrupt it over an area. If I scanned the brain of an illusory telepath inside the scenario, would it let me learn how to block that, or would the fact that I've never done that before make it impossible?**

**Umm...**

**The system is adaptable, within limits.** Mister J'onzz leaves Batman and walks over to us. **In the example you gave, as long as you had the necessary data to support your belief that the telepath could be blocked using the technique you developed, it would work as expected. That said, a completely original use might fail when it would work in reality. I have noticed that you are.. somewhat more creative than either of the Green Lanterns I have worked alongside.**

**Thank you sir.**

**If that occurs, simply assume that you did not in fact have the necessary data to support your conclusions, and practise the technique once the scenario is concluded. Remember, the purpose of this exercise is to aid in your training. You can learn just as much -if not more- from failure as you can from success.**

Well, this is happening then. I lay down, careful not to kick Teekl as I swing my legs around. She looks at my legs, then walks up between then onto my stomach.

"Teekl, that's not-."

She turns in a circle, pads, then curls up on top of me. Bloody cat.

**Is Teekl coming too?**

Kon seems amused by the situation. Teekl never usually sleeps on me. I'm not sure that she actually does sleep. A normal cat will sleep if it doesn't feel the need to eat, excrete or patrol, but Teekl seems a lot more mentally complex. Teekl's head comes up, and she looks at Mister J'onzz.

"I am able to make contact with her mind. M'gann told me of her actions in Bialya and Louisiana. If you wish for me to include her in the scenario as an active participant it should be possible for me to enable that."

He looks at me for confirmation. I look at Kaldur and raise my eyebrows.

He thinks for a moment. "I have no objection. Teekl, do you wish to participate?"

"Teekl sleep hunt."

Kaldur regards her curiously. "Does she mean 'yes'?"

"Probably, but don't assume that she won't just wander off when the scenario starts."

Robin's head jerks up. "Hey, why isn't Zatanna doing this?"

"Grounded for life, remember." Artemis shifts awkwardly on her bier. That's the word. Bier. What coffins are put on. Not ominous at all. "Why don't these things have cushions?"

"If you are all ready?"

I raise my right hand, wave it, then lay my head back on the hard surface of the bier. The biers are arranged in a circle, our heads are pointing towards Mister J'onzz in the centre. I hope we're using these things for a reason, it wouldn't have taken me more than a couple of minutes to move our beds out here. I tilt my head and flick my eyes back to see Mister J'onzz raise his hands slightly.

Wooow. We're standing in a misty purple void. Or dull lilac, possibly? Robin, Artemis, Wallace and M'gann are now in uniform, and Kaldur has changed from his old uniform into his Ocean Master gear. Kind of assumed that I'd feel something first. Hm. Interesting.

**Is anyone experiencing any sort of discomfort?**

There's a general shaking of heads. Mister J'onzz isn't in here with us, but will be monitoring events externally. You know, maybe the League needs to get another telepath. If this drags on he's going to be stuck here for a while.

**Then I will begin the scenario.**

Gradually, the mists part and the training room emerges. The floor appears first, then the main screen with Tornado -how he looks when fully repaired, not how he looks at the moment- standing next to it. Batman's image fills the screen. Looks like he's in some kind of aircraft.

"Deploying camera sensor units."

The image shifts from Batman's face to some kind of alien spacecraft. Our opponent for the afternoon, I suppose. I turn my head to the side as the far walls of the room appear, then the end of the corridor and the ceiling until the illusion is complete. Just to make sure I create an orange sigil over the ring. Yep, that works.

On the screen one half remains locked on the target craft, while the other follows Batman's spaceship. We watch as Lanterns Jordan and Stewart fly up to the alien ship.

"Attention, you have entered the boundaries of Earth space. Disengage all weapons and engines."

I frown. "Pretty sure that's not in accordance with standard Lantern Corps protocol. Why are they both standing right-."

The alien ship fires some sort of huge beam weapon. The Greenies create bubble shields with their rings, but they are swiftly overpowered and incinerated.

"Saw that coming. Are we assuming that the weapon destroyed their rings as well? Because if they didn't we should get a couple of new Greenies out of that. And the Guardians would certainly be-."

Wallace gives me a sour look. "Are you going to keep this up for the whole thing?"

Gotham City
15th October
18:37 GMT -5

Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-dee-day.

The zeta tube light fades behind me as I walk out of the Gotham alley onto a side street. I had thought that zeta tube placement represented appallingly bad security, but when I asked I was informed that it doesn't matter all that much if their location is discovered. It's happened a few times, and all that happens is that it gets deactivated and a new one placed in what is hopefully a more secure location. The worst thing that can happen is that the area around it gets booby trapped, but Batman put various types of sensors around each terminal when they were constructed and these days Mister Zatara wards them to be unnoticeable.

So, back in Gotham. I took the time to read up on the currently active 'theme criminals' before coming here. No Hagen, obviously. He's reliquefied, and the last report I read from STAR Labs was that he was managing to speak simple sentences coherently. Napier and Isley are back in Arkham, Isley more or less catatonic and Napier his usual self. Dent's in Arkham too, from a case last year when he tried using a gang of blackmailed identical twins to commit robberies using their twin to secure an alibi. Cobblepot is a more or less legitimate businessman these days and Catwoman doesn't do muggings, so unless I walk into Mister Jones or Mister Lynns there shouldn't be any trouble on that front. Of course, I'm quite a bit more confident in my abilities now than I was when I first came to this world. I'm sure that any engagement with anyone known to be operating in Gotham at present would go worse for them, but I'd rather not get involved in anything liable to make me late for dinner.

I could just fly there. I mean, the fact that Orange Lantern knows Paula Nguyen isn't a secret. Neither is the fact that Paula has a second daughter. But it occurred to me that its probably best not to draw attention to the fact. I may not have been around long enough to pick up an actual nemesis, but in Gotham all it would take is one nut taking an interest. So, no flying into a residential area. Twelve minutes walking time, more or less. Funny, despite being in the murder capital of the east coast I'm feeling really good. Confident. Did Kal-El grow up feeling like this? No one here can hurt me. I'm humming happily, and I'll probably be singing under my breath by the time I reach my destination.

My oh my what a wonderful day.

Shame Torpedo's taking the whole being a robot so badly. Maybe he just needs time to adjust? Combined with my scan of Red Volcano the data Robin was able to extract from Morrow's base should start getting improved robotic designs into production some time next year. Batman was surprisingly reasonable when I raised the possibility of not just handing the whole thing over to STAR Labs and forgetting about it. The proto responsometer thing tech that powers the androids and gives them elemental powers will go to STAR, but the more mundane stuff will be making Ted Kord a very happy man.

I didn't even bother raising the possibility of sharing with Luthor. Letting everyone have access to the data might work to prevent accusations of favouritism, but the League's preference is to restrict access -big surprise- and their charter allows them to do this.

Hah! There's three tough looking youths sitting on those steps over there, and I don't even slightly feel like crossing the road to avoid them! With this ring I can afford to think the best of people, and if I'm wrong it doesn't matter.

"Fuck you lookin' at, fuckin' fagget?"

And with a grunt, the alpha male howler monkey marks his territory.

I stop walking. I was sort of hoping something like this wouldn't happen. For a moment, I'm reminded of the scene in Wanted, where the now supervillain trained Wesley confronts the people who shout and throw things at him every day when he walks home from work. Oh, why not. I smile at them.

"Three upstanding citizens, I'm sure."

And they immediately jump to their feet. One black man and two Hispanic men, though I suppose that might just mean that their families come from Brazil. The black chap has a red jacket and a black woolly hat, while his friends favour hoodies, grey and green respectively. Grey hoodie takes the lead.

"The fuck is your problem, limey!?"

Back in my home parallel I had people shout at me -usually from cars- while I've been walking or cycling along quite peacefully once too often. I remember a television series that I used to watch on the Science Fiction channel. It was based on an American supermarket tabloid, but the weird things they claimed were happening actually were. What was it called? Ah, yes, that was it: The Chronicle. Anyway, there was an episode with what appeared to be a superhero, so the three reporters did some research on the subject. The nerdy reporter offers his colleagues a range of quality comics from his own collection to read up on, the jock dismissively rejects Dark Knight Returns because 'he watched the series' and the woman complains that comics are basically power trip fantasies for emotionally retarded adolescent males.

Or something. It was a while ago, and I like to think that I've been mostly level headed about the whole thing. But I'd never attempt this without the ring.

"Well, you see, I was just peacefully walking down the street, when-."

He reaches me and tries shoving me. I decided that an orange shirt would be appropriate for this evening rather than my usual grey vest. It's one of those that Artemis picked, and among its virtues is that it conceals my well developed ring forged musculature. The small calibre bullet proof environmental shield doesn't exactly hurt. I don't move so he tries shoving again, harder. Again, I remain in place. He takes a closer look at my face and starts.

"The fuck is wrong with your eyes?"

Perhaps his colleagues are more observant, because they stopped walking towards me before he spotted that. For a start, my body language is wrong. Batman's lesson on body language was really quite interesting. I should be defensive or aggressive, but instead I'm at ease. Strange. I'd have thought that the old instincts would still be in operation but I haven't been consciously forcing myself into a particular behaviour pattern and I don't feel even slightly tense.

"Oh, they've been like this for months."

Transition. I appear behind them.

"Now, I'm going to suggest that-"

They jump, backing away in earnest. Even in Gotham, most murders aren't caused by' theme criminals'. Those are just the ones the newspapers focus on. Murders related to normal crime -usually robbery- is the largest figure. The robbery rate isn't all that much higher than in other places, the thieves just seem much more willing to use lethal force.

"-perhaps you're being unnecessarily confrontational about this? Really, I'm just going for a walk here."

Red jacket has ended up closest to me, his right hand going into his pocket. Oh! That's what those guys at Bluebeards Bikes were doing, reaching for their guns. Suddenly I feel less bad about their arrest. I nod at it, still smiling.

"That really something you want to do?"

Green hoodie slaps him on the back and he slowly withdraws his hand, empty.

"Uh, look man, it's cool-."

"Don't worry about it. In fact, just to show there's no ill feeling, here."

One of my 'what happens when you put food in subspace' pizzas appear on a plate in my right hand, still warm from the oven. As far as I know, the answer is 'nothing', though storing living rats there ate silly amounts of ring power. Dead rats take much less. Weirdly, subspace seems to differentiate between living and dead matter. Something to do with mystical presence, perhaps? I hold the plate out to red jacket and he looks at it like I'm offering him a landmine. With what I assume is a Gotham-evolved survival sense, green hoodie steps around him, takes the plate while showing submissive body language and then steps back.

"Thanks, man. We'll get out of your way, you can just carry on with your walk."

"So kind. You all have a good evening now."

I nod, then carry on down the pavement, listening carefully to what's going on behind me.

"The fuck you doin'? Don't fuckin' eat it! You see how he was smilin', probably put Smilex or some shit in it!"

Ah Gotham, don't you ever change.

16th October
17:08 GMT -5

"All I'm saying is, if it hasn't, then there's three perfectly good personal lanterns just sitting there."

We're in the bioship, heading to the alien fighter which has 'conveniently' isolated itself next to the Fortress of Solitude. We skipped most of the distance with the aid of the ring, but Kaldur didn't want to take us in too close in case the orange trail was spotted. I know that this whole scenario is premised on us being all that's left after the League die, but would it really have killed Mister J'onzz to make it a little more believable? Diana fighting with her lasso; something which I know and he should know she doesn't bring with her on missions where capturing the foe is not a realistic option. And dying to a shot she blocked, which if I understand the spells bound to her bracers right is basically impossible. Guy fighting from a static position when in fact he is always moving during a fight. Weapons used by the Earth's military forces being ineffectual but somehow Green Arrow's arrows do something. That was one of the things which annoys me about the Justice League Unlimited episode Dark Heart: bullets do nothing but Huntress' staff can destroy the killer nanotech enriched robots just fine.

Wallace sags as he looks at me. "Are you still going on about that?"

"It's a plot hole. Guy even gave me the access frequency for his lantern's subspace pocket. If the Greenies aren't going to send someone to investigate the death of three of their members -and they would, by the way- I might as well pick them up."

Anyway, Superman, Captain Atom, Captain Marvel and Mister J'onzz die charging the alien mothership. Batman died in his spaceship after getting shot by the alien fighter craft which are even now swarming Earth based defence centres and strafing cities. The rest of the League -and Guy Gardner, nice touch there- die in the atmosphere. The panicked news reports provide a nice in-universe way of explaining the plot to us. We don't know the aliens' motivations in the scenario but to be honest it doesn't look like Mister J'onzz has bothered giving them one. Interstellar warfare only makes sense in a very limited range of situations, and given that the mothership landed in Smallville of all places and that the fighter craft are killing not just anything that fights back but also attacking concentrations of civilians... He seems to have gone for some sort of 'because we're evil' motive.

Kaldur holds up his right hand in an attempt to prevent further bickering. "The alien weapons are far too dangerous to risk you recovering Lantern Gardner's lantern."

Stupid arbitrarily powerful weapons. Power ring shields are designed to take the worst the universe can throw at their bearers. If anything could down sector Lanterns like Jordan and Stewart that easily then everyone would be using them and power rings would be obsolete. But no. Strength D. No saves for you.

"How about looting the Fortress then? Bound to be some decent weapons in there."

"Perhaps. Time permitting. But please, try to take this scenario seriously."

"Right. Sorry." I lean back in my chair and strum the fingers of my right hand on the top of the box containing the illusory representation of my personal lantern. Ah heck. "Ring, display New York, Inwood and the Themysciran Embassy."

An image appears in front of me. Inwood has been badly shot up. Just check... Yes, Alan's house is one of those that has been hit. The Embassy has similarly ceased to be. Their armoury should still be intact, but if the aliens' bullshit weapons could shoot through the spells on Diana's bracers they it might not be.

"Status of Green Lantern A-"

Wait, does everyone here know Alan's name? Wallace does, but Artemis didn't seem to last night, and I haven't got around to asking his permission to tell people yet.

"-A zero three"

"Unable to locate."

Hm. Well, that's realistic, at least. Would have been nice if I could have handed Guy's lantern to illusionary Alan but I suppose just assembling a new Justice League and making this their problem would rather defeat the object of the exercise.

There's a chime from the ring, indicating the presence nearby of an alien fighter patrol. I dismiss New York and set the ring to monitor them. If their guns are cheaty bullshit then so far their sensors have proven not to be. Which is odd, because a gravity sensor would detect the bioship if I didn't actively disrupt it, and Earth can build those. Or at least salvage them. No, alien ships are pulling away. I can't think of any advantage they might gain by letting us carry on if they knew that we are here.

"Orange Lantern." I look around at Kaldur. "Try to work out which part of the alien ship serves as their communications array. We will need to destroy that first when we make our ambush."

"Scanning." The feedback makes little sense to me in terms of Earth aircraft, but... "I think that red glowing thing on the end of the right wing is their communications node. There's complex energy patterns being emitted from it on all of those fighters I've scanned so far. Ring can't decode it though -which is bullshit, by the way-."

"Orange Lantern-."

"But it is! Decryption is hardly an original use. Fine. I can't decode it. It could be reports, it could be a remote control system, it could be part of a hive mind. Could be anything, but I can't detect any other likely candidates."

"What if they're telepathic?"

I look at M'gann and shake my head. "I can't detect anything like an organic brain. If they're telepathic then it's nothing like any form of telepathy I've seen before. Of course, that doesn't mean that isn't what's happening."

Kaldur nods. "We will simply have to hope that you are correct. And work quickly in case you are not. Miss Martian, since they do not seem able to detect us through the bioship's stealth, it is logical to assume that they will be unable to detect you whilst you are invisible. Destroying the target vessel's communication device will fall to you. Orange Lantern, what can you tell of their propulsion system?"

Ring? Uuuuuh.

"There's no exhaust gas, no ionic discharge and no significant heat that I can detect. Based on those ship designs Lantern Gardner showed me I'd say it's probably some sort of gravity control system. And either their inertial dampeners are ridiculously good or there aren't any actual crew inside those things. I'd guess that it's located at the base of the main module, but none of the designs that I've seen are similar enough to this that I'd want to bet on it."

Kon shrugs. "We just want the gun, right? Why not just smash everything else, just to be sure?"

Wallace smiles. "Sounds like a plan to me."

I roll my eyes. "That's not a plan, that's an aim."

Kaldur gets up and walks to M'gann's pilot station. Teekl watches him go, then jumps into his chair and curls up.

"Artemis, we will drop you off before the attack begins. Get to a place of concealment and await my order. Miss Martian, once Artemis is in place move us in to fifty meters behind the target. Once we are in position exit the bioship and get into position as close as you can to the target. I will leave with Artemis and get underneath the alien craft. Superboy, once the ship is immobile board it and remove the main gun. You and Miss Martian will then attach it to the bioship. Orange Lantern, take control of the bioship once Miss Martian leaves. Be ready to take evasive action at the slightest sign it has detected us. We cannot afford to lose this ship. Robin, Kid Flash, I want you prepared to help with stripping the alien ship as soon as it is defeated. In addition to the main gun it would be most helpful to have access to its memory banks. Teekl-." He looks at his chair, where my cat now has taken up residence. "-stay exactly where you are. Are there any questions?"

"Yeah." Robin looks at M'gann. "How long will it take the bioship to.. connect to the alien gun?"

"I can't be completely sure. I'd guess a few minutes, and we won't be able to use camouflage mode while it's happening."

Ring?

"Two other alien fighters within easy intercept distance. Even if we get the communications array, they could probably see us."

Kaldur nods. "We will simply have to be ready for them."

Gotham City
15th October
18:53 GMT -5

I tend to walk quickly when not restrained by the presence of others. In fact, my legs were the only part of my body that could be said to be in reasonable shape before I came here. But this evening I've decided to slow things down a bit. Left hand in pocket, smiling, right hand waving at people and wishing them a good evening. I've gotten more than a few stares but some people have nervously returned my greeting. A street light flickers and I fix it with a nod. Then it hits me: I'm trying to be Benton Fraser.

Whow.

I check both ways before crossing the road to Artemis' apartment building in something of a daze. Due South. Haven't thought about that for years. How old was I when that series was on? Fourteen? Younger? I step aside as two men walk out of the door of the building, then push my way inside. Ring? Ninety five? I was eleven? Whow. Have to see if I can get hold of it here.

I nod at the concierge, a young white man with long and slightly straggly looking hair. His eyes flick up from the textbook he's looking at as I walk over to the intercom panel. Just as shiny as I left it on my last visit. Still says 'Crock' next to the box for flat 302. Did she decide to keep the name? I assumed that she'd change it back and she hasn't corrected me when I've called her that, but I never actually asked. Should I ask? Eh, no point worrying about it, she'll tell me if she finds it annoying.

I press the intercom button, hear a buzz and wait.

"Yeah?"

"Good evening, Artemis." I go to say my name and realise that I can't. "Me.. here."

I hear an amused snort. "Hey Paul. Come on up."

"With you in a moment."

I step away and head towards the door to the stairs. Wait, wasn't there something..? I take a quick look around. Last time I was here I did a few repairs with the ring, but-. The windows! A quick look shows that the concierge chap isn't looking now that I've shown that I'm supposed to be here. Clean. What looks like twenty years of accumulated dirt and bird muck evaporates from the small windows over the door. Ah, why not? I extend the effect upwards, cleaning the front windows of every apartment. The wave of orange might be noticeable to anyone looking directly at it, but it only lasts a moment and isn't all that bright. Eh, and what if someone does notice?

Plenty of sunshine heading my way.

Through the door that should probably be a fire door just a moment, there we go- and up the stairs. Getting too into it, I have to come to a sudden halt half way up the second flight and move to the side to avoid running into an elderly black woman. She gives me a surprised and mildly affronted look for a moment. Yes, probably a bit juvenile.

"Good evening."

"Oh, I know you. You're that young English man been seein' Paula's daaghtah."

"Um... W-which one do you think..?"

"The older one. The one in prisaan."

"I've been visiting Jade, certainly."

Her look is now amused and appraising. "Good! That woman, she had a lotta hard times. It's good that someone's looking out for her, not like that husband of hers."

"Ex-husband..?"

She nods, and starts down the stairs again. Alright, on to- And she pinched my bum. She pinched my bum, and now she's chortling down to the entrance. She's sixty if she's a day and... Alright then. A short walk down the corridor takes me to number 302 and I take a bunch of purple carnations out of subspace before knocking on the door. I've got the actual thank you for having me gift set up for later, but I thought it might be nice-.

Artemis pulls open the door, looks at my face, looks at the flowers and then looks away.

I blink.

...

No, I'm actually seeing it.

"Are you wearing a dress?"

Okay, that was a bit stupid, but I've never seen-. Is she blushing? Then she snatches the flowers and walks back into the flat.

"I'm sorry, it's just I've never seen you wearing-."

"I have other clothes!"

"Well, yes, of course..."

Err, okay. I follow her as she leads me into the kitchen. Oh! No, bad. Slippers, and clean the floor.

"Mom, do we have a vase I can put these in?"

Ms Nguyen is standing at the cooker, stirring a pot. Doesn't smell too offensive. Actually, smells kind of nice. She turns around as we walk in. "Oh! Those are.. carnations? I didn't know there were purple carnations."

"Um. It's a fairly recent thing. There's a Australian biotech company that modified them using genes taken from petunias."

She takes the bouquet from Artemis and sniffs them. I bought them from one of the main greenhouse complexes in Australia just before coming here, so they're as fresh as they get.

"There should be one in the cupboard in the living room."

Artemis nods and walks back out while her mother props the bouquet up in the sink.

"Dinner should be ready in about ten minutes. It's been a while since I've cooked anything Vietnamese. Artemis and.. Jade.. both grew up in the US."

I admit, I spent some time since getting the invite preparing myself for worst case scenarios concerning Vietnamese cooking. Snakes and snails are both very real risks here. But, I've never eaten either. For all I know they're delicious, and that's sort of the point of this.

"How's your physical therapy going? I don't see any crutches..?"

"Very well, thank you." She walks back to the stove. "I'm not back to full fitness yet, but-"

Artemis comes back in with a glass vase decorated with flowers. Her mother takes it from her and puts it under the tap to pour water in.

"-I can walk around and use the stairs on my own. I'll leave the acrobatics to Artemis." She smiles. "For now, anyway."

I nod. Shouldn't be too much of a surprise that she'd ideally like to get back to full fighting fitness. And if Batman can drag his sons around when he fights crime...

With the vase half filled with water Paula removes the flowers from their paper binding and inserts them into it. She moves them around a bit until she's happy with the arrangement, then puts the vase in the middle of the kitchen table. Then she walks back to the cooker, stirs the pot once more before turning her head to look at me.

"Did you have any trouble getting here?"

"No, not really. There were these three guys who seemed to think they owned the street, but they don't think that anymore."

Artemis looks interested. "Why, what did you do?"

"Scared them a little, then gave them a pizza." I shrug. "Didn't really see any point in starting a fight. It's too nice a day for it."

"You.. gave them a pizza."

"Yes. You remember I said that I wanted to test what happens to things I put in subspace?"

"You gave them a subspace pizza. Did you check it was alright before you gave it to them?"

Um. Whoops.

"It.. looked fine. And I don't think they were going to eat it. Seemed to think I might have laced it with Smilex for some reason. Oh, and I bumped into an old woman when I was coming up the stairs and she pinched me."

Paula looks a little puzzled. "Misses Owens? Where did she pinch you?"

"Well..." I shift a little uncomfortably, and clench. Paula notices and tries to suppress her smile. Failing, she turns back to the stove. Artemis just snorts.

16th October
17:22 GMT -5

I close my eyes and see the world through the bioship's senses. Took a while to work out exactly the mental attitude and ring constructs necessary to replicate M'gann's connection to it, but it was time well spent. And Mister J'onzz hasn't decided to arbitrarily remove the ability either, which is nice. M'gann's in position behind the alien fighter which is holding position just outside the entrance to the Fortress of Solitude, a metre or so off the ground. Artemis is behind a snow bank to its right. I'm not completely sure that the snow will give her cover but it should conceal her precise location. Unless Mister J'onzz has decided to give them bullshit sensors after all. Kaldur's just coming up to position underneath the alien fighter. According to him the ice is thin enough for him to attack through.

Everyone except me has switched to thermally insulated Arctic camouflage. Robin raised the point that it might be worth upgrading my armour with the smart fabric they use but I countered that I'd still glow orange so there'd be little point. The rest of the team are ready for rapid deployment if the initial attack is a success. If it isn't, then we either leg it or I use the ring to force open the Fortress. I haven't actually scanned the real Fortress. It seemed that might be pushing my boundaries a bit, especially given my total non-relationship with Superman. Since I haven't seen any Kryptonian technology anywhere I can't even judge whether or not the risk would be worth it.

Kaldur's now in position. With the bioship's sensors and the ring I'm best placed to coordinate, especially since I pointed out that we don't know that the aliens can't detect telepathic broadcasts.

**Orange Lantern to Aqualad. Everyone is in position and ready to attack on your order. Two alien craft still within intercept range.**

**Acknowledged. Miss Martian, Artemis, target communications and the gravity drive. Now!**

I watch as the tip of the fighter's right wing buckles before being ripped clean off. I didn't detect any irregular outbound signals and it didn't seem to be in communion with its fellows, but the clock has definitely started ticking.

**Communications disabled.**

An arrow strikes the fighter low on its right side and a chunk of it ceases to be. It lurches in the air and then falls to the ice.

**Gravity drive disabled.**

The top mounted bullshit gun swivels in Artemis' direction and opens fire. Doesn't look like it got a precise fix on her, and the weapon doesn't seem to be penetrating the densely packed snow very well. It penetrates a little and then an oval of snow just disappears. Curious. Might be possible to defend against by using a larger bubble shield, rather than my usual construct armour.

I begin manoeuvring the bioship closer now that the target is downed. Kaldur's put on his light gear for this, his attack twisting the frozen waters of the ice sheet and causing it to buckle beneath the fighter. I'm not completely convinced that was necessary, but it does put him in melee range if any alien crew disembark and now that it's frozen to the ice the fighter will find it harder to take off if it has some sort of backup system. At least I persuaded him to stay underwater. I mean, for goodness sake, what would be the point of exposing himself when he can attack from below its arc of fire?

The bioship shakes as Kon launches himself at the fighter's turret. At this range it has no chance to traverse before he gets below its minimum elevation. He sticks his right arm through its outer hull armour to brace himself, then jabs his left forwards through the centre of the gun's 'stalk'. Red energy -some sort of plasma discharge?- crackles around him as he rips through, causing the turret to flop to the side. Once he sees that its lights have gone out he manoeuvres into a better position on the fighter's top surface, kneels, grips, and wrenches it free.

You know? Looks kind of like an Eldar Falcon now. No sign of any crew. No sign of secondary weapon systems either.

**Orange Lantern to Aqualad. Weapon disabled.**

**Understood. Miss Martian, Superboy, begin installing the weapon.**

I call up a image of the other two fighters as I deactivate the camouflage. The bioship lists slightly as Kon jumps onto the roof. He holds the gun in place while M'gann begins the joining process. One useful thing that's come out of this: first thing I'm doing once this session is over is getting a plasma gun for the real bioship. I've been so concerned with something permanent, some perfect solution, that I've been ignoring the possibility of abusing the shapeshifting capabilities of the ship to use something good enough. Just plug something into the hull and take it off once the mission's over. As long as it only needs electricity to function there's no problem.

**Rerouting systems to integrate weapon into ship's biomatrix.**

**Understood.** Kaldur forces the ice aside and jumps out onto the surface next to the fighter. **Artemis, return to the ship. Wallace, Robin, study the alien ship but be ready to leave at a moment's notice. Orange Lantern, status of the other fighters?**

**Still coming in this direction, no change in speed. I'll keep you appraised.**

Since the ring's translation and analysis functions have 'mysteriously' failed Robin and Wallace really are the best people on the team to try and identify memory storage units within the fighter. Robin's attaching what look like ultrasound probes to try and get a picture of the interior.

**Don't think that gunna work, Rob. How about we go with Superboy's suggestion?**

Honestly, I'm with Wallace on this one. I try taking another look at the fighter's interior myself but none of what I see makes any sense to me. Maybe it would to Robin? Shame we can't do some sort of telepathic skill sharing network thing.

**I think I've got something. Aqualad, try cutting here and here.**

Kaldur brings his water bearers to bear on the spot indicated. Neither the ship's sense nor the ring can tell exactly what he's doing, but from the looks of it he's cutting through part of the red dome at the front. Incoming fighters? Uh oh.

**Aqualad, the enemy fighters appear to have spotted us and are accelerating. Yikes, they're moving fast. Estimate one minute to intercept, and I'll remind you that construct shields do not reliably stop their primary weapon.**

**Understood. We will have to hurry. Miss Martian, will the weapon be integrated with the bioship by the time they arrive?**

**No. Sorry Aqualad, it's too soon.**

I see Artemis reach the alien ship and put one of my arrows to her bow. **What direction are they coming from?**

**South west south. They're coming in low, twenty metres.**

She takes cover behind the bulk of the fighter's hull and takes aim. If I can't stop the beam with a barrier, what can I..? Ah, that might work.

**The biggest target here is the bioship and it's a sitting duck. Robin, do you need either of the alien ship's wings?**

**No. I think it's primary data storage is behind here.**

Kaldur's finished cutting a hole and stands aside as Robin points a light inside.

**Miss Martian, can the bioship support the gun's weight yet?**

**It should be able to, yes.**

**Superboy, would you mind snapping off the alien fighter's wings? I can probably use them to block one shot each, at least.**

**On it.**

He jumps down, wraps his arms around the one on the left and squeezes until the armour breaks. I extend a tendril construct out of the rear door to take hold of it. If the aliens hit the bioship... I don't know what would happen. How much mass can those guns cope with? I move the ship to a hull down position behind the fighter, rear door towards my team mates so they can embark quickly. Kon crosses to this side and snaps off the other wing. Right. I move each of them into the line of fire between us and the enemy.

And here they come.

Gotham City
15th October
19:16 GMT -5

"Which part of England are you from?"

Apparently, the stuff we're eating is called Far. As far as I can tell, it consists of a chicken broth with chicken pieces, onion, bean sprouts, peppers and some sort of leaves. The broth is spiced, but not so strongly or unpleasantly that I have to give the ring instructions to change it. There were sauces available. Artemis sprinkled an amber coloured one over her dish quite liberally, but I've been a good deal more conservative. After getting a stern look from her mother she was just able to stop herself laughing when I nervously tried my first bite.

I had no idea how to go about eating it. Paula provided me with a soup spoon and a fork in addition to chopsticks. They just have the chopsticks, so I thought I'd have a go without the aid of western implements. Before this evening I've never successfully used chopsticks before and I'm only managing it now with ring assistance.

"The south coast, just east of Brighton." Not actually all that close to Brighton, but it's the only place in that general area she might have heard of. "The village where I grew up is called Westham, but it doesn't exist in this parallel."

Paula frowns. "This parallel? I'm not sure what you mean."

"Oh. I haven't told..? Sorry, I'm just used to everyone knowing. I come from a parallel universe. Quite a lot like this one, a few differences."

Okay, no idea how to eat broth with sticks. I'm just going to have to use the spoon. And since the sticks are in my right hand and I don't want to dirty the table by putting them down, have to use the left hand. Haven't worked out how to use the ring to make myself ambidextrous yet.

"A.. parallel.. universe?"

I nod. Artemis makes an 'umm' noise as she swallows, and clicks her sticks together get her mother's attention.

"They don't have magic or super powers or aliens."

"Well, we might have aliens somewhere. We just haven't met any, as far as I know."

"How did you get here?"

"Um. Not sure. There's a sort of mostly sealed Bleed tear thing in near Earth space where I came through, but no one in the League has been able to work out how it happened." I take a sip from my spoon and shrug. "I went to sleep in my bed at home and woke up in space here, this ring on my finger. And promptly freaked out, because where I'm from that sort of thing doesn't happen. Sat on the moon a bit until I calmed down enough to think clearly, then tried looking for home. Didn't find it."

Paula looks concerned. "Do your parents know where you are?"

"Prrrobably not. As I said, I don't know how I was transferred. There might be some sort of huge glowing hole in reality on my home parallel's end. Or, I might be a copy of me and the original me is carrying on with our life unaware that anything has happened. There's really no way for me to tell." I lower the spoon and look out of the window into the darkening city. "Mum's probably frantic, but I can't get back at the moment. Can't even send a message."

I don't like thinking about it. I can take my new environment, even enjoy it, but I hate being helpless. Bleed portals... I asked Guy about it. There are a few civilisations which make limited use of Bleed technology, but tracking an uncontrolled transition after the fact is supposed to basically impossible. I can't fix it, and I probably never will be able to.

There's a pressure on my stick hand, and I jerk my head around to see Paula patting it. I give her a slight smile. No, shouldn't worry about it if I can't fix it. Keep me eyes and ears open, but, yeah. Hah, I suppose there might be a character remarkably like a recently disappeared Englishman appearing in DC comics even now. Have they done another bloody crisis lately? I remember something about a New 52 but the whole thing sounded so stupid it may well not have lasted. And this place is a lot calmer than I'd expect a post crisis DC-verse to look like.

"Anyway, erm, Pevensey and Westham Church of England primary school, Willingdon Secondary, followed by-" Here come the lies. "-a year and a half of gainful employment before my unscheduled planeshift."

Artemis frowns. "I thought you said you were an atheist."

"I am. Oh, no, that was just the name of the local primary, it wasn't a religious school in the sort of way you're thinking. I mean, okay, I'm still word perfect on a whole load of hymns and Saint Mary's was right next door, but it wasn't... Huh. I guess it was, actually."

I just thought of the place as normal, but I suppose that compared with the theoretically secular American state run schools it would seem a bit indoctrinatory. Wasn't like we did Bible readings in lessons or got taught that the world was only seven thousand years old or anything. And I still ended up an atheist.

"Saint Mary's is still there. Here. Worth a look if you're in the area. It's over nine hundred years old and-."

Artemis picks up her bowl, raises it to her lips and starts slurping. I blink, then look at my soup spoon and then back to her.

"Was I meant to be doing that?"

Paula suppresses a giggle. "That is the usual way to drink it. Though, I think your way is more... Stately."

Thank you, I think? Just doesn't feel right to do that with a soup bowl. I'll stick with the spoon, but maybe a bit faster?

"Most of the old buildings are still there. Here. You know. The building that's the reception classroom was built here, but it's a museum now and the rest of the school was never built. The castle's still there-."

Artemis hurriedly puts down the bowl. "Your village has a castle?"

"Yes. Well, it's called Pevensey Castle in the tourist brochures, but it's actually between Pevensey and Westham. The keep's in Pevensey, so maybe that's why it's called that? The outer wall was built by the Romans when it was a Roman fort and the Normans built the inner keep. It's pretty ruined, though. Hasn't been used for centuries." She looks sceptical. "I can take you there after dinner if you don't believe me."

Paula gives her a reproachful tap on the upper arm and she resumes her drinking.

"Compared to my home parallel the area that should be Westham was never really developed. Pevensey's bigger, and the village on the other side is a bit bigger but my house isn't there."

Think I've just about got all of the broth now. I start picking out the last few bits of bean sprout.

Paula looks a little puzzled by something. "You said that you are eighteen?"

I nod. "Yes?"

"And you had a job for over a year?"

"Yes? Oh! British compulsory education stops at sixteen. I could have gone on to college but I wasn't really sure what I wanted to do, there was a job going at a place that sounded interesting..."

Not sure whether or not the company I worked for would have employed a sixteen year old. Probably should try taking the conversation in another direction. Wait, what time is it in Vietnam? No, still a bit early for that. She said any time after six in the morning but I'd like to give her a bit longer.

Paula smiles. "I have some news in that regard."

Artemis jerks her head around. "You got a job! Mom, that's great!"

"I will just be working a checkout at the local supermarket, it isn't anything very exciting."

I beam at her. "Congratulations anyway."

That is good news. Quite aside from the extra income, employment is a major part of a person's sense of self worth. Even if it isn't a particularly exalted position -and far less than she can do- this is a big step towards reintegrating with society in general. For just about the first time since I got here I've effected a positive change in the world.

16th October
17:26 GMT -5

The two enemy fighters skim us at high speed, throwing up clouds of loose snow. As they pass the pressure wave hits and for a moment I have to focus on stabilising the bioship. Artemis' position behind the hull shields her but Robin and Wallace are knocked flat for a moment before quickly getting back to work. Now that they've had a look at us the two fighters do a banked turn at the other side of the ice field, bleeding off speed and bringing their weapons to bear. Why were they banking? At their level of technological sophistication -to say nothing of their total lack of aerodynamics- they shouldn't need to bother.

I move the bioship around the downed fighter so that it's between us and its comrades again. Artemis runs around as well before kneeling, switching arrows and taking aim. The airborne aliens are finally making use of their inertia control, spinning and yanking themselves to the side in order to make themselves a more difficult target even as they charge their main guns. I doubt that she'd be able to hit with an Unmaker, so going with high explosive makes sense.

Ring, track enemy turrets and show targeting predictions.

Compliance.

I shift the wings I'm holding to the best intercept positions. Should I attempt to shoot them down myself? Energy pulses would be too slow and given that we're facing a worldwide invasion I don't think a power hog like the particle beam would be a good idea. Railgun it is then. Artemis looses at the enemy squadron a second before my railgun fires but my slug still hits home first. It impacts on the front dome of the fighter to the right and penetrates, but it doesn't seem to have done further damage. The explosive arrow reaches them and is detonated by its proximity fuse at the same moment they fire their main guns. Not sure if it was the force of the blast alone or a combination of that and their gravity control system but both of them are shoved sideways in the air, throwing off their shots. The beam from the one I hit strikes the ice sheet about ten metres to the left of the downed fighter. A chunk of ice disappears, but the beam cuts off almost immediately as the fighter readjusts. The beam from the other flickers over our heads for a fraction of a second but gets cancelled too.

The still-active fighters are keeping their distance, splitting up and moving around us in clockwise and anticlockwise directions respectively as Kaldur takes a second to assess the situation as I fire again.

**Robin, how much longer?**

Robin pulls a small and vaguely organic looking thing from inside the downed fighter. **I think these are part of its data storage system. Superboy, break the armor here.**

Artemis puts three Unmakers on her string as two of my slugs hit the anticlockwise fighter, causing its hull to wobble. Its return shot is pointed directly at the bioship and I shield the wing before blocking at what I hope to be a safe distance. The beam strikes the shield and in a flicker of light the wing segment is gone, shield along with it. It didn't feel like it was broken exactly, not as the Unmakers do. Weird. Artemis looses, but it's at her extreme range and none of the arrows hit. She reaches for a rocket propelled arrow as I swing the bioship aside to dodge the missed fighter's return fire.

**Aqualad, I need to either use heavier attacks or we need to leave.**

**Superboy, Kid Flash, into the bioship.**

I drop the ship down and Wallace and Kon board and hurry to their seats.

**Robin-.**

**I'm almost done.**

I stand, keeping my hands over the controls. "Superboy, take over, I'm needed outside."

He comes over to the pilot position. The clockwise fighter tries to slow for a more stable firing position but has to move again as the rocket arrows home in on it. A glancing hit buckles it's left wing -damn, they're going to have reported in now, aren't they?- but it fires anyway and I'm forced to intercept the shot with my last wing. That one was targeted at their fallen comrade.

**Robin, they're targeting you.**

**Just a little longer.**

I nod to Kon and we swiftly switch positions. Right, now that I don't have to concentrate on that I transition to directly behind the fighter that's been ignoring my railgun. It jerks as I appear and tries to evade but this close it can't evade my particle beam projector. A purple beam bisects the fighter across its centre, causing the two parts to fall away from each other and detonate in the air. I glace at its partner and see it plummet to the ground as the damage to its wing cripples its manoeuvrability. Good show. Any others?

**Aqualad, reinforcements coming in from orbit. We really need to-**

I watch as Artemis looses another Unmaker at the downed fighter. I see it reorientate its turret in her direction and begin to charge. I see Robin pull another processor thingy free from inside the first ship and start moving towards the bioship.

**Okay, I got-.**

The arrow hits and a chunk of the front of the fighter crumbles to nothing. Artemis throws herself aside as the dying fighter returns fire and I try to stick a shield in the way. Fortunately it overshoots, and Artemis comes up to her knees and launches a rocket arrow straight at the gun. The arrow accelerates away and strikes before the gun can recharge, wrecking it. Okay, done, now we can...

Wait. Where's R-?

**Robiiiiiiiiiinnnn!**

I feel M'gann's scream in my mind even as I transition to directly above the crippled fighter and destroy it utterly. For a moment I just watch it explode, numb. It just... Robin just died. I hear a whoosh as Wallace dashes out of the bioship to his friend's last location and I begin flying back.

Oh goodness.

"Rob!"

Wallace runs at the first fallen fighter and punches it in the front dome. The force of the attack overwhelms the already damaged ship and it jumps slightly before crumpling in on itself. His face is a picture of rage contained grief.

"They're dead! Every single alien is dead! If it's the last thing I do!"

O-orbital... They're still coming.

**Kaldur, Wallace, I'm sorry, but we need to get out of here.**

Kaldur walks over to Wallace and puts a hand on his shoulder. Wallace jerks away, leaning on the remains of the alien fighter and trying to collect himself. I know.. how close they are. Were. Come on, this is a comic book, there must be something we can do about that! Robin was.. was.. analysing the processor units from that fighter. Scan. No, they were destroyed as well. Um. The ship I just destroyed is too destroyed to have anything left, but the other? Yes, transition and cut. Three of them. I don't know what good they'll do...

I transition to the interior of the bioship and collapse into my chair as it hits me. It's not just Robin. Alan, Diana, Guy... And the world, so many dead. Right. Organise and prioritise. We need to leave before the reinforcements get into firing range. I have no idea where to. Kon looks at me in shock.

"Is Robin really..?"

I nod, still not quite comprehending myself. Our friend just died. I mean, after the Reds attacked the mountain I knew something like this was a possibility, particularly today with the opposition we're facing. But...

Artemis walks in and sits in her chair, head down. She unslings her bow and starts fiddling with it. Wallace and Kaldur are next in. Wallace's fists are clenched, muscles taut. He throws himself into his chair. Kaldur slowly approaches Kon and lays a hand on his shoulder.

**Miss Martian, is the gun fully interfaced?**

**Y-yes. Yes. Stealth should work now.**

He bows his head. "Superboy, take us away from here."

Gotham City
15th October
19:23 GMT -5

Before today I had never heard of the Docynia Fruit. Having eaten a bowl flavoured with ginger and sugar I find myself wondering if it would be rude to ask for seconds. Artemis notices me staring at my spoon.

"Finding it.. interesting?"

"Noo. Wait. Yes. Um..."

Artemis snorts while Paula looks confused. Artemis waves her spoon. "Paul told me about one time at his high school, when a Chinese kid offered him a duck's foot and he ate it to be polite even though he hated it. When they asked if he liked it he said he found it 'interesting'."

"But this I actually quite like."

Paula nods slowly and gives me an arch look. Glass! I pick up my glass of milk and take a drink.

Artemis wrinkles her nose. "I don't know how you drink so much of that stuff. We have soda, you know."

Escape! Thank you Radio 4.

"Genetics. You see, all infant mammals produce a chemical called lactase, which lets them digest milk better. Obviously that's so they can feed from their mothers. In Humans it usually stops being produced when they're somewhere between two and five years old, but, Europeans-" I bring my hands to my chest. "-have been drinking so much milk for so long that we've actually mutated to produce lactase our entire lives."

Artemis stares at me in disbelief. "Really. Did you just make that up?"

I shake my head. "No, honest. Paula, you've got the 'milk, yuk' version of the gene and both of your daughters inherited it." I raise the ring. "It's actually an easy fix if you want me to-."

Artemis raises her right hand in a warding gesture. "No. I'm fine with not drinking milk. Where did you even hear about that?"

"BBC Radio 4. There was a guy on who was doing some research on historically recent human evolutionary change. That was one of the ones they talked about."

"What other ones were there?"

"Um. It was a while ago, I'm not sure... I think black people tend to recover from very loud noises slightly faster."

"Aaand Asians?"

"I remember them saying that Japanese people starve slightly slower. I don't think they said anything about other countries."

Ring, status of... Oh, good. Best not keep her waiting.

"Oh, there was something else I.. thought I'd bring, as well as the flowers."

Paula smiles. "Paul, you didn't need to bring anything at all."

"With a power ring I don't really have an excuse for not doing everything I can, and, turns out, 'everything' is quite a lot." I push back my chair and get up, taking a 2D screen out of subspace and attaching it to a spare area of wall. It isn't quite 2D, but it's pretty darn close. Even rolls up.

"We don't need a new TV, Paul."

"Artemis, this isn't a television. Ring, access satellite aaand phone."

The ring rings. Aaaand nothing happens. Ah. We went through this but I'm not sure she-.

The screen comes to life, the image... A woman's chest. Come on, we talked about tha-. The woman sits back, revealing herself to be an elderly Asian woman. Nguyen Thi Nhung, eighty one, Paula's mother and Artemis and Jade's grandmother. She gives them a smile and a royal wave.

"Hello Paula! Hello little Artemis! Oh, you're not so little anymore."

Paula's eyes are wide. "M-mom?"

I'm still not sure that I've judged this right. "Yes, I.. spent some time in Vietnam this week. Um. You know, tidied her garden up a bit. Redid the village's electrical systems, phone lines.. and sewers and.. storm drains. And put in some streetlights, and there's a properly tarmaced road to the nearest national road now. Hah, that took a while. Oh, she also doesn't have osteoporosis anymore."

Silence from my hosts. Mrs Nguyen Senior leans around to try and get a better angle on me, before pointing at me with her right hand. "He is a good boy. Very patient, teaching me how to use this."

I nod at her and go into clearly enunciating for an old person mode. "I thought you did very well, Misses Nguyen."

She had a bit of age related memory loss. I fixed that, but she didn't want improved milk drinking either. The screen I left with her is a bit bigger than this one so she can get a better view of the whole room. Paula gets to her feet a little unsteadily and walks towards the screen. I step aside as she approaches.

"Hello Mom. How have you been?"

I feel Artemis' hand on my shoulder and turn my head to face her. She nods towards the open door. "Come on."

I follow her out, Paula and Mrs Nguyen's conversation disappearing into the background. She leads the way into the living room and shuts the door behind me as I shuffle nervously in the middle of the floor. I remember a comic where Power Girl? Or was it Supergirl? One of them said something about feeling a little awkward that they could join in a fight and effortlessly do what a whole team couldn't. My DPS isn't at Earth 1 Kryptonian level but now I sort of see where she's coming from.

"Did I..? Was that alright? I mean I wasn't really..."

"The last time we saw Grandma was at Grandpa's funeral. That was about eleven years ago. We flew over there, but I don't really remember it."

Eleven years ago would have been while Paula was still active as Huntress. Artemis sits in front of an armchair, her back against its front with legs curled up next to her. I sit opposite her, cross legged. She doesn't look straight at me.

"Mom gets letters from her and from one of my cousins. I've spoken to her on the phone a few times but I only recognised her from photographs."

"Originally I was just going to teach her how to use Skype but things sort of snowballed 'cause.. their phone lines weren't really good enough and they use generators rather than... Well."

I shrug. I sort of accidentally your grandmother's whole village. Is that bad?

"So you just... Everything."

"Yyyes."

"This can't be because you still feel guilty about.. our argument."

"No. Two reasons really. The first one's pretty simple. We're superheroes. What's our job?"

She frowns. "Stop bad people? No, you told Luthor-."

I nod. "I wanted to make the world better, not just stop it getting worse. The ring-" I wave it. "-only lets me act on selfish motives but you, your mother and your sister are my friends. Your good is my good. There's thousands of isolated villages who could benefit from stuff like that and I can only help the one where I've got some personal connection. But if I can't even do that-" I shrug. "-then what's the point of me?"

She give a shallow nod. "So, what's the other reason?"

"That one's a bit more complicated."

16th October
17:36 GMT -5

Without a specific destination in mind I just transitioned us to a section of the US/Canada border which the aliens are ignoring. Thanks to the ring I'm not shaking, but I don't know... I've never had a friend die suddenly before. I'm hesitating to say anything because I don't want to risk causing offence. Wallace is clearly taking it the hardest, tremors of rage running through his body. M'gann has been weeping quietly since it happened. Artemis has removed and replaced every arrow left in her quiver at least twice now.

I need to get it together. I am an Orange Lantern. What do I want?

!Team mine!

Easy. I want everyone back. I want the aliens gone, killed, whatever. And I want those of my team mates who are still alive to remain that way. That's first, then. I turn my chair and lean over to Artemis.

"Artemis?"

She doesn't look up.

"Artemis?" I lean forwards and tap her lightly on the upper right arm with my right hand. She jumps slightly then looks at me. "I didn't want to push before, but given what just happened-."

"You want to upgrade me."

"As a matter of priority, yes."

"Do you think it would have helped-."

She cuts off and looks at the floor. I admit, I hadn't been pushing Robin quite as I'd been pushing her, but he's.. he'd been active longer. He must have known what was available? I did tell him I'd be happy to-. No. Not productive.

"It might, and it will certainly help you."

She keeps looking down. "Do it."

"Which..?"

"Strength. I wanna break them apart with my bare hands."

Not the most efficient... Uh. Ring, Danner Formula upgrade. An orange strobe passes over her as the ring makes the indicated changes. It only takes a second or two. She holds up her right hand, clenching and unclenching it.

"I don't feel any different."

"You won't. Not until you try doing something. Here."

I take a small steel rod out of subspace and pass it to her. She takes it in her right fist and bends it easily with her thumb. I return it to subspace. She picks up her bow and pulls lightly on the string.

"Thought it'd be harder to compensate."

"Only when you're under st-."

"Naah! Ghaah!" I twist around and see Wallace beating the instrument panel in front of him. "Aah! Guh! Aaaauhh!"

"There will be time to mourn later." Kaldur gets to his feet. "For now, we have a job to do; defend the Earth, and ensure that Robin's sacrifice is not in vain."

"No." I wave my right index finger at him. "The death of my team mates is not acceptable to me."

Wallace half rises, his eyes fixed on me. "You can't fix dead, Oh El!"

"Certainly I can. You appear to have forgotten that a little over a month ago I stole a Lazarus Pit from Ra's al Ghul." I raise my left hand and create an image of it. "The League's been keeping it in a warehouse in Cleveland which... The aliens are ignoring."

Wallace's eyes widen. "We can get him back?"

Kaldur shakes his head. "Using untested mystic artefacts-."

Wallace turns on him. "It's not untested, Ra's has been using it for centuries!"

I hold up my right hand. "Wallace. He's the only one who knows how it works, and it requires at least a small tissue sample. Which we don't have. I wanted to make you aware of the possibility, but it's going to be a while before we can use it safely."

He nods. He's still shaking slightly but his relief is palpable.

Kaldur seems less impressed. "And if it cannot be made to work?"

"Then when this madness is over I will find a way to circumvent my obligation to remain in this star system and go and get the parts needed for a white power ring. Or use some other technique. When I say something is not acceptable, I mean it."

M'gann seems to recover slightly. "W-where do we go next?"

Hmm.

"The Hall of Justice." Kaldur turns back to M'gann. "The Human race must know that there are still heroes defending them."

Um?

"Begging you pardon, Aqualad, but is announcing our continued existence on a channel the aliens may be monitoring really a good idea?"

He turns to me. "You have a suggestion?"

"Well, if there's one man on Earth who's prepared for an alien invasion, it's going to be Lex Luthor. Why don't I get in touch?"

Kon squints. "Luthor?"

"It's his planet too." I generate an image of the LexCorp tower in Metropolis. The buildings around it look somewhat the worse for wear but Mister Luthor's tower stands proud behind an ovoid energy shield. A small swarm of alien fighters are pouring weapon fire into it for no apparent effect, thought there is no return fire at all. I hold the image up so everyone can see it. "Worth looking into?"

Kaldur nods. "Attempt communication. We need all the help we can get."

Ring, contact Mister Luthor.

Compliance.

I hear a ringing.

"This better be important." Mister Luthor picking up his own phone?

"Mister Luthor, Orange Lantern two eight one four. How are you holding up?"

"Orange..." He exhales. "Better than the rest of Metropolis. How many of you are left?"

"Not many. How secure is your building?"

"Oh, it should be safe. For another minute or so, at least."

"Your.. shield..?"

"A special project. An incomplete one, it won't hold. I've told the rest of the staff to evacuate, though I don't know how far they'll get."

"What about you?"

"The activation of LexCorp special projects are tied to me, personally. If I leave my office it will shut down, and any chance my employees have..."

Damn. "Is there.. anything..?"

"Your ring. I presume it has near infinite data storage?"

"Yes I.. I think so."

"Can you open a connection to my desk computer?"

Ring, do it.

Compliance.

"Should be on now."

Datastream detected.

"I'm sending you LexCorp's entire technical database. Beat them for us, Orange Lantern."

On the image the barrier starts to contract around the building.

"I'll.. I'll try."

"Is my son..?"

I look over at Kon. The ring stimulates my auditory nerves directly, there's no sound for him to overhear.

"Yes, he's here."

"Then that's something, I suppose."

"You know, it's... I was going to send this ring to you. If I knew I was going to die."

"Hm. I'm sorry to deny you the opportunity. It seems that you'll simply have to-."

The building disappears, and I hear only static.

*Supplementary, Renegade*
16th October
17:36 GMT -5

Artemis is dead.

I'm a little surprised by how much that is affecting me. It's certainly true that I liked her but I had assumed that at this point I was a bit more ruthless than this. Shouldn't believe my own hype, I suppose. M'gann's sobbing at the pilot's station while Wallace shakes with impotent rage.

Assuming we win, I'll make time to assimilate Ra's al Ghul and resurrect her. I wonder if I can network the knowledge of construct Lanterns without having to wait for them to speak to one another? If I remember the comics correctly -and if the same rules apply here- Lazarus Pits can only be created in certain places and will only work a certain number of times. Shouldn't be a problem. There are only so many people I care about enough to bring back.

Wait a moment. Why is this making Wallace angry? His uncle died under two hours ago and they were very close. His parents live in the suburbs of Central City so they might still be alive, but virtually everyone else he knows is dead and this is what gets him? That.. could happen, but something feels off. Were they romantically involved? I didn't notice anything, but I'm not always the most observant. Hmm.

Mister Black says that one way to detect telepathic interference is to compare one's own memories of one's own actions and of the actions of others and seeing if they still make sense to you. Mister Scott may have been looking for me to be something I'm not, but I was fond of him. Princess Diana too. When I confirmed Mister Scott's death earlier today, I.. shrugged. I feel remorse, even guilt now for my earlier lack of empathy, but at the time I though of it as an inconvenience.

Why?

And the others. Richard loves Mister Wayne, but when we saw him die... I remember him smiling. Why would he..? Are my memories being altered? Hard to check. Nothing sticks out as inappropriate, but if the practitioner were skilled...

"Naah! Ghaah!" I turn my head and see Wallace beating the instrument panel in front of him. "Aah! Guh! Aaaauhh!"

"There will be time to mourn later." Kaldur gets to his feet. "For now, we have a job to do; defend the Earth, and ensure that Artemis' sacrifice is not in vain."

Is she even..? No, it doesn't matter. Someone is fucking with us and no one gets to do that.

M'gann turns to him, grateful for his sense of direction. "Back to the cave?"

I raise my right hand. "A moment, Aqualad."

"If you wish to say a few words..."

"No. I may activate a contingency, later, but at the moment I have a different concern. Does our recent behaviour not seem... Strange, to anyone else?"

Kaldur's eyes narrow. "If you believed you had a better plan-."

"No, I did not mean to criticise in that sense. I meant, Robin, your father just died. M'gann, Wallace, your uncles. Kaldur, you always spoke with the utmost respect and affection for King Orin and yet when we heard of his death you were unmoved. All of you were. We are all displaying greater grief over the death of a young woman we have barely known for two months."

Kaldur's eyes open fully as he thinks about it, but he shakes his head. "If it were... Shock..."

"No, you are reinterpreting. Remember what you felt at the time."

They're all facing at me now. Eyes drop to the floor as they try to reinstate.

Robin frowns. "I didn't.. feel anything. I was.. I think I was expecting it. But that doesn't make sense. I..."

I watch as Kaldur forces his face to relax. "What do you believe to be happening?"

"Someone is affecting our minds."

Wallace squints. "Who? I mean, we're being invaded by aliens-."

"Are we? How do we know that?"

"Well..." He blinks.

"Insidious, isn't it? This is why -with the greatest respect, M'gann- I will never be completely comfortable with telepathy."

She shakes her head. "I haven't felt anything, but if you're right I wouldn't remember it if I had."

Kaldur nods. "If our minds have been altered, what do you intend to do about it?"

"I have sought out additional tuition on the subject of counter-telepathy techniques." I raise my left hand to the side of my head, ring pressed to my skin. "A sufficiently strong ring-generated feedback pulse should cause such agonising pain to an attacker that they will either back off or lose consciousness. M'gann, if you have any presence in my mind, withdraw it and shield yourself."

Kaldur frowns. "If the alterations to our memories have already been made, would they not simply be unable to amend them further?"

"No. I have experienced it before; implanted false memories should have broken as soon as we became aware of them. Someone is continually doing this."

"I am not completely convinced. Still, if you are right..." Kaldur nods. "Do it."

"Mindfray."

Oooouughghgh. I clamp my teeth shut with a grimace. The main drawback with this technique is the pain and disorientation it inflicts on the use-.

"Aaaaagh!" M'gann seizes hold of the sides of her head and screams! I told the silly woman to shield herself! I can take this, but the whole point is that telepaths-.

Wallace dashes to her side. "Hey, you're hurting M'gann!"

"Spill over. I.. -mreh!- warned her."

Or perhaps not. I narrow my eyes. Why would she do this? Or not her. After all, that isn't her natural form. Could I distinguish between her and another Martian? I never bothered scanning Mister J'onzz, I've never been to Mars...

M'gann bends over, screaming silently. I find myself curious as to what-.

"Stop it. Stop it now." Kaldur looks serious.

He's being stupid.

"No. I will not tolerate this mental interference. Ring, increase inten-"

He grabs my arm and tries to pull it away from my head. He's strong -far stronger than a man of his musculature should be- but I'm stronger still. The others are on their feet now, undecided as to how to act. Ugh. If they think I'm killing M'gann they should attack me. If they believe me then they should restrain Kaldur. Ditherers.

"Ring, increase intensity!"

Orange energy spirals around my head and-

-purple mists-

-and I snap open my eyes. I'm looking at the ceiling of the training area in the mountain. I push up to a sitting position as my team mates similarly begin to show signs of life. I rise to my feet and look to the middle of the circle to where Mister J'onzz is kneeling on the floor clutching his head. Three strides brings me over to him and I grab him by the front of his uniform and haul him up to my eye level.

"Completely. Safe. Is it. Sir!?"

"BAAAAGH!" I slam him into the ground.

"Orange Lantern, that's enough! Stand down!" I meet Batman's stare with my own, orange energy crackling around my body.

"It is not enough. It is not nearly enough." I release Mister J'onzz and stride past him in the direction of the lifts. "Once he has recovered ask him about his stunning display of incompetence this day, and do not even suggest such training sessions again."

16th October
17:41 GMT -5

We materialise over the outskirts of Washington D.C. and I immediately begin scanning for both aliens and human resistance.

"Three alien fighters making attack runs against a US army position outside the Capitol building."

The ring shows me a small group of people running down a street just as another alien squadron turns the corner. The turret glows and the people are incinerated. Another fires a red energy beam from what we thought was its communications device at a car someone is using in an attempt to escape. The driver tries to swerve but the first shot melts the left rear of the vehicle, bringing it to a halt. The second pierces the engine and the car explodes, killing those inside.

"S.. six other fighters making attack runs at everything they can see. Next nearest alien fleet concentration is Metropolis."

Kaldur nods. "Miss Martian, plot an intercept course for the closest alien ship. It's time to test our new gun."

"Wouldn't it be better if I handled the alien fighters? Does... I mean, can we fire while camouflaged?"

Kaldur looks at M'gann. She thinks for a moment. "We should be able to. It... I don't know exactly how much power the gun takes and anyone who's watching can see where the shot come from, but the stealth system will keep working."

A squadron of three alien fighters flies across our front, swooping down on the Washington waterfront. Kaldur points. "Take us in, as close as possible."

The scenery tilts and we accelerate after the rear fighter. I don't know whether they're just idling or going full pace, but the bioship is a lot faster than them. I suppose it would be too much to hope that the Martians would come to help us? No, M'gann said that it would take months for them to get here anyway. Could I transport them here? I could...

We're at point black range when -with a quiet crackling sound- our stolen gun turret fires. The fighter disappears in a wave of golden light which spreads out from the point of impact. It's gone in a second and we accelerate after the second, then the third. They have no chance to respond before they're eliminated. Whow. A few ships like this... Fuck it, I'll just steal them, it'll take the Martians months to send someone to arrest me.

Kaldur nods. "Is the power use acceptable?"

M'gann closes her eyes for a moment. "Yes. The gun doesn't really use much power at all."

"Then our next target is the squadron attacking the Capitol Building."

"Ah?" Kon half raises his right hand for a moment. "Should we try and get more of the aliens' guns? I mean, shooting them doesn't seem to leave anything behind."

M'gann thinks about it. "I could drop you down on top of one of them and shoot the other two?"

I look at Artemis, who nods. "Drop me too."

Kaldur frowns. "Using your specialist arrows at that range-."

I shake my head. "Artemis volunteered for augmentation. She's not much weaker than Kon now."

He looks her over. "Very well then. Do not endanger yourselves unnecessarily, but anything we could salvage would be very useful."

She and Kon get up from their seats and walk over to next to where the floor opening normally appears. I prepare to transition us, but the bioship easily crosses the distance from the waterfront to the Capitol Building in seconds. The US military position consists of four Abrams tanks and thirty or so infantry. No dedicated anti-air, not even infantry borne homing missiles.

The floor iris opens. Artemis clenches her right fist. "So, how exactly..?"

Kon's already watching for his target. "Just grip onto the armour then hit it. Really hard."

"Oh-kay. I can do that."

The alien fighters start shooting their secondary weapons at the tanks as we come up to them. Kon leaps down as we pass the first, then we bank right and Artemis throws herself at the second. Down a little and our main gun takes care of the third. The infantry has scattered away from the tanks, two of which are destroyed as their armour is utterly overpowered by the alien beam weaponry. Wonder if we should salvage those as well?

I watch their attack through the front window. Kon falls onto his ship just ahead of its turret. He crouches, grips its armour with his left hand to brace himself and then brings his right fist down over his head in a powerful thump. A section of its upper surface just crumples and he has to shift position and get a better grip as it wobbles in the air. Another blow and the armour at the bottom of the fighter explodes and he hangs on as it tumbles from the air.

Artemis lands directly on the turret and grabs on for dear life. Should I have pointed out that a fall from his height won't hurt her anymore? Of course, grabbing on at her new strength results in the turret 'arm' crunching and going dead. The area around the 'gun' bit is so crushed that it falls off due to its own weight, nearly taking her with it as it goes. The fighter bucks and she's thrown forward, sliding over its armour and nearly falling off the front before forcing her fingers through the armour over the top of the forward dome. Once she's sure that she's not going to fall she pulls back her right fist and punches it right in the centre of the dome. It breaks easily and she sinks in up to her elbow. Recovering, she shoves it in the rest of the way before pulling its innards out. When the fighter doesn't immediately fall out of the sky she grips the interior of the dome and wrenches it to the side. It cracks, and she rips it clear from its housing before assaulting the inside. A moment later it stops in the air, tips nose down and falls from the sky.

The fighter Kon is on comes in at a low angle and he hangs on as it slides along the ground, coming to a halt just in front of the assembled soldiers. An officer I don't immediately recognise steps forwards and says something to him as M'gann brings the bioship in and turns it around for us to exit. The position also allows her to keep the gun pointed at the most likely route of attack for the remaining fighter craft. Kaldur walks towards the rear hatch and the rest of us get up to follow him. Ooh, should probably check on Artemis.

**Orange Lantern to Artemis. You still in one piece?**

**Think my boots have had it, but yeah. Gimme a sec to get a grip on this thing.**

We walk down the ramp to the cheers of the assembled soldiers and Kaldur leads the way over to Kon and the officer, a general, judging by the rank insignia.

"See, it is Superman." One of the soldiers elbows the guy standing next to him. "Told'ja he wouldn't leave us out here alone."

"I don't know. Looks kinda young. Where's the cape?"

"I'm not Superman."

Yeah, whispering near a man with super hearing. That'll work. Wonder if those two actually knew Kal-El?

"I know that." The General takes a step towards him "But right now I don't care. You wear the 'S' and you got the job done."

The soldiers to my left step back and raise their weapons. Turning, I see the fighter Artemis took down rise into the air and flip onto its roof as she gets a good enough grip on the inside of the hull to move it.

**Yuuughk**

She's covered in some sort of black goop and her boots are indeed ruined. She kicks them off before leaping over to us and landing in a crouch.

Clean.

Kaldur walks up to the General, who salutes him. "General Samuel Lane, US army."

Lane. Lane? Oh, this could go very wrong. Or possibly not. The whole US government anti-superhero thing doesn't seem to have started in this timeline, so hopefully he's still rational about things like us.

"Aqualad, Justice League. We'll help you salvage as many of the aliens' cannons as possible. Then we start taking back what is ours."

Gotham City
15th October
19:28 GMT -5

I hold out my left hand, palm upward.

"I was.. thinking about what you said, about not having done anything to earn this ring."

"Paul, you've-."

"Nuh nuh nuh." I wave and she stops to let me finish. "See, I haven't. But, most Lanterns don't. None of the local ones did. In fact, the only Lanterns I can think of who did something big enough to qualify for a ring in advance are Katma Tui and Bro'Dee Walker. For everyone else, it's... The seeker program doesn't check for achievements, it checks your personality. It assesses... Whether or not you're the sort of person who should be given a ring. And this ring doesn't have a seeker program. Someone -and I've no idea who- decided that I was a fit and proper person to have a power ring. That's.. a huge show of faith from them even before you consider that orange rings tend to induce insanity. I mean, with this.. I'm a one man post-scarcity civilisation."

I lean back a little.

"'Here you go, you're now one of the ten most powerful people in your Space Sector, and I reckon you're such a good guy I'm not even going to bother checking up on you.' I don't know if I'm ever going to be able to do enough to justify that faith. Even if I do everything I can I'm not sure there's an amount I could do that would justify it."

"You seem to be doing an okay job to me."

I look at the floor for a moment and smile a little. "Thank you. But you're.. kind of.. biased. And it's not as big a deal as you think."

"Not a big deal!"

"Taking on a group of men armed with guns when you're a baseline human with a pointy stick launcher takes immense skill and courage. Taking them on when you're bullet proof is just, like, whatever."

I shrug.

"Doing that work in your Nan's village manually would take a hundred construction workers months and cost millions. But, for me? Thirty hours. If we assume I count as a semi-skilled manual labourer, twelve dollars an hour... It's three hundred and sixty dollars worth of work."

"Not to the people who benefit, it's not."

"Mmmm. They're not the ones trying to pay off a power ring. Anyway, after next July I'll know one way or the other."

"Why's that?"

Wait... Is my origin story in my personnel file? I never bothered reading it in detail...

"Did I.. do you know how I ended up joining the team?"

"Wonder Woman sponsored you."

"Right, but I came to this world on the 5th of July and the team first met on the 8th. When I first got here I didn't know anyone."

"Sooo, how'd you do it?"

"Green Lantern. You know, the Green Lantern who was a member of the Justice Society. Think he used to live around here, actually."

She thinks for a moment. "The blonde guy from Mister Nelson's funeral?"

"That's him."

She frowns. "But he'd have to be ninety."

"Ninety six."

"Whaw. He doesn't look it."

"He does now." She gives me an inquisitive look. "When I got here, I had a ring but no lantern. No lantern, no way to recharge. Once I got a rough idea of the sort of place I was in, I went looking for one. And I found him. We had a chat, I tried to buy it... Well, he was retired. He was alright about giving it to me, but he wanted some assurance that I'd use it appropriately. So, he made a phone call to his old colleague Princess Diana. She.. was less keen. I mean, my story's ridiculous and this ring's powered by avarice, you can see where she's coming from."

Artemis nods.

"The only way I could think to persuade her was to make a magically binding oath. I have to obey orders from her and Batman almost without question and I can't leave this star system. It lasts a year, and after that point I consider myself obliged to.. 'report in'." I shrug. "Assuming the Controllers don't make contact with me first."

"Who are the Controllers?"

"Like the Guardians, only taller. My bosses in the Corps, in as much as I've got one."

"So.. why does Green Lantern look like his real age now?"

"Because his Lantern was keeping him young. Now he's given it to me, it doesn't." I rub my temples with my right hand. "I don't even know if he's realised that's why it's happening."

"Could you.. give it back?"

"I don't think so. I had to change it from green to orange so I could use it. I can't change it back and he's not avaricious enough to use it as it is now. Best chance would be to get him a replacement but I'm stuck here for a year."

I exhale slowly. Whaw, that's depressing to think about. New topic.

"So, how'd you get involved in this costumed tomfoolery?"

She twitches and looks out the window for a moment. "Does Jade ever.. talk about our dad?"

"Sometimes. Not much. He's not exactly her favourite subject. I mean, I know about most of his professional history..."

She has talked a bit about his training regimen. Turned my stomach. I think she feels a bit bad about leaving Artemis there, but it wasn't as if she had concrete plans herself at the time. She was thirteen, for goodness sake.

!Jade mine!

"After Mom got out of prison, she didn't want anything to do with that sort of life anymore. He left. I went out for the first time that evening. Stopped a robbery at a grocery store."

"Well done you. My first night on the job I walked in on a major drugs and firearms sale and completely missed that it was happening. I bought some clothes and walked out."

She snorts in amusement.

"How'd you meet up with Green Arrow?"

"Him and Batman were waiting here when I got back from patrol one evening. He offered to be my tutor."

"I haven't spent much time with him. What's he like?"

"He's really easy going. Supportive. Just.. nice. I was kinda expecting it to be like with Dad, only, y'know, less evil, but I actually get on well with him. Black Canary's great too."

"Have you.. given any more thought to visiting Jade?"

She rolls her eyes for a moment. "Every time Mom goes to visit she tells me that I can come with her if I want, but I don't have to and that she understands if I don't want to. Guilt trip much."

I shrug. "Might be easier to go on your own. Or I can hang around, if you want."

"When's she getting out?"

"The lawyers are still wrangling. Probably some time around mid-March next year."

She fidgets. "Yeah, okay. Not sure what we're gonna talk about... Do you think the others know? About Dad, and Jade?"

"Robin, almost certainly. The others, probably not."

She stares into my eyes, and jabs her right index finger at me. "You can't tell them."

I raise my hands in a surrender gesture. "I won't. I won't. But, I don't think they'll react as badly as you seem to think. Batman and Green Arrow certainly know and they're fine with you. Mmm. On a lighter note, given any more thought to getting super powers?"

"Uh. Nooot really."

"Oh come on..."

"Wouldn't being super strong mean I'd just.. just be breaking stuff the whole time? And I'd have to spend time retraining..."

"No. I already have the collar configuration to block the effect. You could train to use it, then turn the collar on and go right back to how you were. Here." I take the slim collar out of subspace. Okay, not that slim, but much less bulky than the electroshock variant Belle Reve uses. She takes it from me. "I can make it look like pretty much whatever you want, long as it's about this weight. Try it on."

She raises her right eyebrow. I roll my eyes and shrug. She pushes her hair out of the way and puts it around her neck.

"Can you.. help me do it up?"

"Sure, hang on."

"You can't tell anyone about this either."

"No problem, but if you decide-."

The door is pushed open and Paula walks through. "Artemis, your grandmother wants.. to..."

She trails off as she.. sees.. me collaring her daughter. The artificial leather collar with the metal pull ring.

Darn.

16th October
17:58 GMT -5

I stand in the driveway of what used to be Alan's house, his lantern held limply in my left hand. The whole area's been shot up but they seem to have targeted this place in particular. It's been reduced to rubble and wreckage. Could they detect his ring? Or were they simply working a priority target list that was slightly out of date?

"Green old man gone?"

I reach up with my right hand to where Teekl sits on my left shoulder and rub her head.

"Yes. He has."

But I can't worry about that. The soldiers are moving to the Hall of Justice with the bioship providing air cover, but I'll need to be back when they arrive. I hold up my left arm and look into the core of my personal lantern. I hope Gaea's paying attention. Hope I'm close enough. I kneel, lower my lantern to the brick surface and let go.

"I return this lantern to its owner, Alan Scott."

It took me a while to realise it, but the oath doesn't really cover what happens if I give the lantern back and then steal it. It also doesn't cover the fact that Alan's willed the lantern to me in the event of his death. So, it briefly becomes his and then goes back to being mine. I pick it up again. Now -in theory at least- I can leave the system without incurring Gaea's wrath. I'm not planning on doing a runner, but the sad fact is... I'm not convinced we can win this. And if it really comes down to it, I can now evacuate thousands -possibly millions- of people to the nearest habitable world.

Transition.

A twelve story apartment building has been reduced to a burned out shell. I'm floating over where the floor to Guy's flat used to be before damage to the structure caused it to cave in. Could they detect the subspace pocket containing his lantern? I'd have thought that they'd have been more thorough if they could.

Ring, transmit access frequency.

An orange strobe, and Guy's lantern appears in mid air, rotating slowly. I really hope that the Guardian's haven't added anti-me security. I gingerly reach out with my right hand.

"Authorised user detected"

Guy... Thanks, Guy, I... No, focus.

Transition.

Another broken pile of stones. There's no cover here, but the alien fighters appear to have moved off. No matter, I know where the embassy's armoury used to be. Dig. Bricks and stone shower upwards. Artemis needs a better bow, and some of the stuff here might be useful for Kon or Wallace. Or Donna? Oh noo, I'd hoped that she'd be alright...

The normal entry corridor doesn't exist anymore so I rip through what used to be the armoury's wall. With Diana's death her last 'don't touch' orders would bind me, but now I've dealt with the oath I could just loot this whole place. Except that neither I nor my colleagues have trained in the use of enchanted primitive weapons, and I'm not even sure what some of the enchantments do. Can't risk trying to use them then. Maybe when this is over I can return this stuff to Themyscira?

I don't know why Diana didn't take some of this stuff with her. Maybe she just didn't get enough notice to pick it up? It would explain the lasso. Under the rubble the walls of the armoury were more or less intact before I dug through them. The aliens don't seem to have focused on this place. I haven't seen them using anything I'd recognise as magic yet, so I'm not sure why they attacked the embassy at all.

Teekl stands and stretches, digging her claws into my shoulder armour as she does so. Then she jumps down onto the floor and stretches again before walking over to where Diana's training bow rests on its stand. I follow her and pick up the bow and quiver before subspacing both. Next, the training swords she lent to the Cornwalls. Right. One last thing I need to check.

Transition.

Teekl and I look out across the surface of Mars. The sky on the horizon is a sandy yellow, contrasting with the rust red dust and the small dull brown rocks scattered about. And the alien motherships. None of them are particularly close to where we are, but in the distance across the Martian surface I can see two... no, three of them, sitting on the ground surrounded by swarms of fighters. Map. Yes, each one directly over a subterranean Martian city. There's no help to be had here. I can't even risk grabbing Martian technology. Or rescuing civilians. Damn it. Damn it.

Transition.

We appear at the top of the steps outside the Hall of Justice. On the plaza below the soldiers are setting up barricades. Looks like they've made contact with other surviving units and rallied them here. They've brought a couple of extra tanks -probably worthless as anything other than a distraction- and several four by fours mounting some kind of SAM system. That could be useful. A flicker of OrangeVision shows me the bioship in camouflage mode standing watch over the gathering.

"Did you find what you were looking for?"

I turn and see Kaldur, turned back to look at me as the others walk through the doors into the ruined Hall. I hold up the glowing green lantern. "Some of it. Artemis in there?" He nods, then turns to join the others. "Wait." He stops. "They hit Mars first. I saw three motherships. There were probably more."

He bows his head slightly. "It cannot be helped. I think it would be best if we kept this from M'gann for now."

I nod. "Right."

Teekl and I follow him into the building. Somehow, despite the damage to the walls and interior the glass front is largely intact. I see Artemis, Wallace and M'gann looking up at the partially destroyed statues of our mentors. I suppose Kon's still in the bioship. I find my own eyes searching for Diana's statue. Just to Superman's right, wasn't it? Looks like something hit that side hard. Her legs are all that survive. I feel a momentary impulse to restore her. It. No, waste of time and energy. Think about something else.

"You know... I've.. never actually been in here before." Kaldur takes his eyes off King Orin's statue on the far left to see if I'm being serious. I shrug. "Well, why would I? All the stuff I need's either at the mountain or the Embassy."

M'gann floats over to the fallen head of the J'onn J'onzz statue. She reaches out with her left hand and lays it on his face for a moment before collapsing to her knees and sobbing. There.. isn't really anything I can say. He's dead. Probably, the rest of her family is dead. But perhaps there's some way to make her hurt less? I start walking towards her when she suddenly starts. I don't see..? She leaps into the air away from the stone remains, thrusts her hands forwards and starts lifting what's left of the statue from the ground. Once it gets a bit of clearance there's... Shit. Is that..?

"Uncle J'onn!"

How the hell did he survive? He sits up, looking a little bewildered as M'gann tosses the statue remains aside and swoops down on him. Kaldur looks at me. Ring, is that actually..? Apparently it is. I nod at Kaldur in confirmation. First good news I've had all day. M'gann wraps her arms around her uncle's chest. He still seems to be a little behind events. Kaldur takes a step forwards.

"Martian Munhunter. I do not wish to sound ungrateful, but how is it that you are still alive? We saw you, all the League, vaporised."

M'gann helps Mister J'onzz up. He's holding his right hand to his head

"Yes, I remember. But I cannot remember how I survived. Or how I arrived here."

M'gann hasn't stopped hugging him. "Maybe you were density shifting and the beam passed right through you?"

Wallace rubs his chin. "Depending on the type of radiation they use, that might explain the amnesia. And if you survived like that..."

The Flash might have survived. I tried checking for him earlier, on the basis that they're not dead until you see a body. Couldn't find him, but then I couldn't find Mister J'onzz either and he's right here. Some types of technology and magic do interfere with ring scans. I just don't know.

"My mind is clouded. I feel certain I had something important to tell you."

Wallace hits his forehead with the heel of his left palm. **Hello Wally. C'mon!**

Gotham City
15th October
20:02 GMT -5

"Nine, so, one wood for you-" I pass the card over to Paula. "-and two wheat for me." I help myself.

Artemis scowls at her two cards. Two wheat, if I remember rightly. "You sure you're not using your ring?"

I make a face of cherubic innocence. "Are the dice glowing orange?"

What makes it even better is that I'm actually not. She looks at her three roads, three settlements and poor resource access. Yes, she's next to two lots each of wood and brick, but they got 2, 3, 10 and 12 and they're just not coming up that often. Paula and I both spotted that trap and went for high probability low usefulness resources plus ports instead. Rock port plus rocks on 6 and 9 for me, sheep, wheat and a three to one port for Paula. I've even got a spare knight card on standby in case someone gets an inconvenient 7.

"Fine. Anyone want wheat?"

I shake my head. "No."

Paula rechecks her hand. "Ah, not really. Sorry, Artemis."

She picks up the dice and hands them to me. I make an orange shaker and rattle them for a moment.

"So.. you gunna.. talk to your mother about..?"

Paula looks at me then at Artemis.

"Talk to me about what?"

Artemis pauses for a moment. "Paul wants to give me super powers."

Paula blinks in surprise as I roll the dice. 5. I pass a sheep card to Artemis and two to Paula.

"You can just do that?"

I pick up the dice, nodding. "Some powers are granted by chemical formulae. If I know the formula, I can replicate it. At the moment it's a choice between super speed and strength, endurance and rapid healing." I hold out the dice to her. She takes them and holds onto them.

"How fast, and how strong?"

"Fast as the Flash -or possibly slightly faster- aaand about Wonder Woman strong. I mean, Artemis doesn't quite have her muscle mass, but that's the sort of level we're talking about."

"I thought Wonder Woman's powers came from her gods."

"Oh, they do. I just needed something to compare it to and since I doubt you've heard of Hugo Danner she was the obvious choice."

Paula nods, looking at the board. Neither of them had heard of Settlers of Catan when I suggested it. I explained the rules to Paula while Artemis reacquainted herself with her Nan.

Without the collar.

"Are there any side effects?"

"Neither of the Flashes experienced any, though Kid Flash has a ravenous appetite. We think that was due to him using an impure version, which wouldn't be a problem for Artemis. Danner Formula enhanciles had problems, but that was due to them not getting immunisation injections which Artemis has already had. Worst consequence I know of is that she'll be banned from professional sport."

"Why is that?"

"When metahumans first started appearing at the beginning of the twentieth century there was a guy... He had super strength. He was playing in an American Football match in college and he accidentally killed a member of the opposing team. He was running with the ball, three guys tackled him and one of them got knocked back and landed on his head, snapped his neck. No malice to it, bad luck more than anything, but metahumans have been banned from professional sport ever since."

Paula puts the dice down and turns to Artemis. "Do you.. want this?"

"I.. I don't know. I mean, it sounds good, but..."

Something occurs to Paula. "Have you offered this to Jade?"

"Hohoo, heck no. I mean, maybe once she's been out of prison a while, but... Look, I like Jade, but I'm not sure it would be sensible to trust her with super powers just yet."

"And can you undo it?"

"Nnno. Mmmmm.... Maybe if I did a full body clone or something, but basically no. That's what the collar's for. As long as it's active it can suppress the power. Artemis would be exactly as she is now."

"Could these powers be passed on to her children?"

"Moooom!"

"It's something you need to think about!"

Artemis goes for redirection. "Are you gunna throw the dice?"

Um. I try to think of a good answer while Paula rolls for the turn. Mister Garrick never had any children. Mister Allen doesn't have any at present. I remember at least one Flash having children in the comics but I think that was Wallace. Could it cause infertility? He hasn't said anything...

"Twelve! Finally." Artemis reaches over to the piles of cards next to me and takes a wood, then hold out her right hand for the dice.

"Nnnot sure. The research I've seen suggests that the Danner strength formula can't be, but I've also met a man who credibly says that he got it from his father. I can't promise any of this is completely safe, buuut it's probably safer than superheroing without it."

Paula passes Artemis the dice and she rolls them immediately. 7. Artemis looks at me hungrily and I fan out my hand.

"Just seven I'm afraid."

"There's eight!"

"Development cards don't count. I did say."

She scowls, then moves the robber to rock 9. I hold my hand out to her and she takes one of my five rock cards. She checks her hand once more and sags slightly before passing me the dice. I wait for a moment while Paula thinks the empowerment thing over.

"I think it is something that Artemis and I will need to talk about."

"Understood." I roll. 6. Three rock for me and a sheep for Paula. "Two rock for wood, two rock for brick-"

Artemis huffs. "Here we go."

"Wood and a brick for a road, three rock and two sheep for a city. Knight, moving the robber to sheep five. Paula, if you would?"

She fans her hand and I pick a wheat. Hm. I push the dice over. "Pass turn."

I'm only on 6 victory points. Me clustering around the rock hexes gave Paula an easy run at longest road, putting her on 7. Artemis is stuck on 3. She looks at me. "What would I have to do to get a power ring?"

"Be the strongest willed person in the Sector when one of the Greenies die?"

"No, an orange one like you've got."

"Uuuuuuhhh. Steal one from Larfleeze? I could try and put in a good word with the Controllers when I meet them but there aren't really any orange rings floating around. Um, as far as I know. If.. you're thinking about it I'd be perfectly happy to teach you the mental techniques I use."

"You learned it pretty quick and you didn't even have a teacher."

"Yeeeah, but... You remember when you came into the cave after I healed your mother, and Robin and I ran off?"

"Yeah?"

What can I say without giving anything away?

"There was.. a member of his family. They had crippling, agonising injuries. He wanted me to try healing them. I couldn't work up the need, so I gave him access to the ring. He managed to stay focused for about three seconds before he started trying to claw my hand off to take it."

She blinks in surprise.

"Orange power rings.. mess you up. They can give you everything you want and they force you to go for it. How do you fight against what you already want? In your case; you hate your father? Think he deserves to suffer?"

She dodges my gaze.

"Then the first thing that will happen when you get an orange ring is that you'll force your way into his prison cell and start breaking bits off him. And you won't stop. You won't want to. And that intensity of desire never goes away. You either learn to harness it, or you turn into a narcissistic monster and that's what happened to the only other Orange Lantern in the universe that I know about. So: if you want to learn, I'll try and teach you. But you'd probably be better off going for one of the other options."

She thinks about it. "But you healed him, right? Robin's relative?"

I nod. "Robin did. But it freaked him out, and you'll notice that he doesn't risk standing on my left side anymore. I don't think... I don't think orange rings should go to the most avaricious people, in the way green rings go to the most wilful. It's about being just avaricious enough to use the thing, and wanting the right sorts of thing so you use it well. If you don't have the right character traits, it doesn't mean you're a bad person, it just means you're not right for that colour of ring."

I look at the dice.

"You gunna roll those?"

16th October
18:06 GMT -5

Wallace calls the ship down and then dashes inside. Artemis, Teekl and M'gann walk outside with Mister J'onnz, whose appearance gets a brief cheer from the soldiers and causes General Lane to walk over to have a word. Kaldur and I lurk at the back for a moment. He nods at me. Time to find out.

"Ring, contact Green two eight one four A."

Nothing.

"Ring, contact Green two eight one four B. Green two eight one four C. Green five eight six A. Green Clarissi. Green Illustres. Green... one four one seven A.

Nothing on any of them.

"Ring, explain inability to communicate."

"Error: subject not found."

Kaldur and I look at each other. "Can the entire Green Lantern Corps truly have been destroyed?"

I shake my head in a daze. "I'd.. say no. It's more likely they've just blocked me. Um. Ring, contact Blue one." Nothing again, but then I don't know if Saint Walker has been recruited yet. "My last option is to try communicating with Larfleeze. Normally I wouldn't even consider it, but I'm-" I look out of the Hall's front windows at the ruined and burning cityscape. "-I'm not sure how much worse even he can make things now. I'll leave it up to you."

Kaldur looks down at the floor for a moment before nodding slightly. Right then.

"Ring, contact Agent Orange."

As I say his title I feel.. something. It was a bit like when I tried speaking the oath; need, but not my need. The ring crackles for a moment before releasing a pulse of orange light which swiftly takes Larfleeze's form. He's hunched over, legs drawn up, hugging what I suppose must be a representation of the Orange Central Power Battery. Bigger than I expected. His multi-tusked head jerks around as he takes in his environment before finally coming to rest on me.

Um.

"Sir, Orange Lantern two-."

"YOU CAN'T GO ANYWHERE YOU'RE MINE YOU'RE MINE YOU'RE MINE!"

Um?

"Certainly, sir, but would.. you..?"

His head jerks away again, looking at... Something on his end? Is he.. cowering? What the hell is Larfleeze scared of? Now I'm seeing he doesn't look like much of a threat. Almost stick thin, and he's behaving like a scared animal.

"YOU HAVE TO STAY! MY PLACE! MY SHINY! ALL MINE! RAAAWR!"

The image glows a little brighter and then bursts. I blink the afterimage away. "I don't think he'll be any help, even as a distraction."

"You said that he was deranged, but I did not fully appreciate what he would be like. What caused him to become like that?"

I shake my head. "A couple of million years in a cave all on his own."

**Guys! Look at this.** Wallace waves at us from where he's perched on top of the now visible bioship and Kaldur leads the way outside. It looks like Wallace is wearing one of R-. One of Robin's computers. I blink and he's right in front of us waking the screen under our faces. **It's giving off zeta beams. The same stuff that powers our zeta tubes. T-this thing doesn't disintegrate, i-it teleports. Rob is alive!**

Kaldur leans forwards to get a better look at the screen, which appears to show a diagram of the gun attached to the bioship with zeta radiation concentrations highlighted. **Perhaps. I am not familiar enough with-.**

**No, no perhaps. They're all alive.**

Ooooooh.

"Gauss flayer."

I say it before thinking. Wallace and Kaldur both look at me for an explanation.

**I... I don't recognise the gun, but I have heard of something with a similar effect. Zeta radiation..." I bow my head and close my eyes for a moment. "Nothing says it has to teleport all of an object at once." I open my eyes to the looks of shock on their faces. "Given how we observed it functioning.. the outer parts of the target disappearing first... And then comparing our general technology level to theirs... I'm sorry, I don't think it's very likely.**

The hope he'd briefly felt drains from Wallace's face. Wait, what's tha-.

A red beam of energy spears one of the tanks of the perimeter and I barely get a shield in the way fast enough to stop it taking the infantry huddled down nearby with it. In the distance I see a swarm of alien fighters swooping down. They must have come in from orbit!

!Protect!

No! I won't lose anyone else!

The orange shield dome extends across the military position as the anti-air missile systems on the trucks try to establish a lock and Kon begins moving the bioship to meet them. Kaldur takes in the scene as more red beams hammer down, targeting the vehicles.

**Superboy, activate stealth sys-.**

The turret beam from our right hits the bioship. It glows for a second and then disintegrates into nothingness.

Kon.

Dimly, I hear M'gann and Mister J'onzz cry out in shock.

Kon.

More beams start striking our position as my dome fails.

Kon. Kon's dead.

Someone's.. shouting.? Soldiers stream past me, covering one another as rockets from the SAMs start shooting up at the enemy ships. One takes a glancing hit and spins off to the side.

Kon...

Whu'? Artemis has picked me up bodily and is hauling me back into the Hall.

"Okay. I'm.. I'm okay."

She puts me down to the side, just out of sight from the outside, and swiftly puts an arrow on string.

"This doesn't.. change anything. Just because it's my my... My best friend rather than Wallace's. Right. Right."

Numb's no good to anyone. What do I want? I should be angry but the shock's too much. Kon... And there's no face for me to hate, just a bunch of drones... What can I do? What.. amount of force...

Oh. That.. could work. I see Kaldur open the door to the library, the route to the Hall's closest zeta tube. Evacuate? Not a bad plan. If he takes this green lantern to the Watchtower he might be able to reactivate some of the systems the Guardians gutted before handing it over. He'll need me to override the computer, or fix it if it's been damaged. And it's not like I want the others around if I go through with this...

The vehicles outside have been either destroyed or abandoned as anyone who can retreats inside. Right. The aliens are getting cocky and there're things I need to do. I hold up my left hand, lantern and ring glowing in concert.

"I need you to not be here."

Faster than usual, pulses of orange light fly out and hit the alien ships as they slow down to manoeuvre. A single strike is enough to smash each one apart. I'm still not angry, I'm not even feeling particularly destructive, I simply.. need a little breathing space at the moment. Five die and then the rest have the sense to get out of my line of fire. I nod at Artemis and then we both sprint to the zeta tube.

Gotham City
15th October
20:32 GMT -5

Paula gives me a bemused look. "You really don't think that you've earned your ring?"

Twelve - nine - five. Welp, I'm impressed by how quickly Paula picked that game up. Also by how vicious she decided to be at the end there, waiting until I got my ninth victory point before getting three in one turn to end the game on a plus ten score. Artemis never really got a look in. I flick my left hand up and the pieces of Catan rise into the air and shuffle themselves.

"No. Not yet anyway. I'm, y'know, paying it down, but it's such a huge thing..."

Artemis seems irritated by my apparent modesty. "What did those people you said did earn it do?"

"I said they were the only ones I knew of who earned it in advance. There's probably plenty of Lanterns who spent decades fighting the good fight and earned it that way."

"So?"

"Alright. Story time." I let the pieces stack themselves on the table. "The story of Lantern Katma Tui. Not quite the Book of Oa version, but I'll try and do it justice. Once upon a time, there was a mighty Green Lantern by the name of Thaal Sinestro. He knew neither doubt nor hesitation. His intellect was incisive and his willpower incredible, and, perhaps most importantly, he believed passionately in the mission the Guardians give their Lanterns; to establish order throughout the galaxy. So respected was he by both the Green Lantern Corps as a whole and by the Guardians of the Galaxy themselves that he was promoted to the position of First Lantern, overall commander of the Corps."

Artemis frowns. "Isn't Sinestro that guy who-?"

"Yes, yes he is. I'm getting to that. You see, there's some things his fellow Lanterns didn't know about their leader. Firstly, that he was responsible for the death of his predecessor. You can't use a green ring to kill someone, but if they give it to you because they're too wounded to fight on, it won't compel you to get them medical attention. He got the ring, won the fight and couldn't stand the idea of giving it up. So he just stood there and watched Lantern Prohl Gosgotha bleed to death. Secondly, that his belief in the supremacy of will was so intense, he didn't believe that weaker willed people deserved autonomy. He turned his homeworld of Korugar into a police state, with himself as the dictator. But -and this is genuinely true about him- he didn't do it for his own aggrandisement. He didn't favour one ethnic group, one caste, one religion. One rule for everyone. If you stepped out of line you were stepped on, and if you were in his government and abused your power? You were stepped on harder, for letting him down."

I lean back a little. Guy was a bit iffy about sharing a Greenie's personal history with me, but he was happy to talk about Sinestro. Turns out they still didn't know what he'd done to Prohl Gosgotha. Once I questioned him Guy compared the timelines from Sinestro's logs. He was disgusted to say the least when he confirmed what I said.

Paula looks puzzled. "How could the Guardians not know that he'd taken over a planet?"

"The universe is a very big place. And Lanterns are allowed to hold political office, they just aren't supposed to use their rings to get it. Anyway, after Lantern Abin Sur died and his ring went to Lantern-"

Um.

"-two eight one four A." Paula looks confused. "The first Greenie in the Justice League." She nods. "Sinestro took him on as his personal student, because Abin Sur had been about the only friend he had at that point and if the Human was going to wear his ring then he was going to learn to use it properly. They worked together for about a year before Sinestro decided that his new apprentice was ready to see the wonders he'd achieved on Korugar. 'Course, he hadn't spent a lot of time on Earth. Didn't appreciate how individualistic Americans tend to be. And he certainly didn't expect Katma Tui to kick off a planetwide rebellion during his visit. Two eight one four attempted to take her into custody as a crazy anarchist and got a very pointed demonstration of his mentor's dark side. After he confirmed it for himself he put a call into the Guardians and Sinestro's ring got deactivated. Sinestro was then tried before the Corps, convicted and banished to the antimatter universe, his ring going to Katma Tui."

I shake my head. Would it have killed them to execute him instead?

"Of course, by that stage the Green Lantern Corps was so hated on Korugar that she can't ever go home. But the point is that she brought down the most powerful Green Lantern alive through cunning and determination. She didn't even know that two eight one four was going to be there, she honestly believed that they'd have to fight Sinestro themselves, and she was prepared to do that. If she hadn't, any number of impressionable new Greenies could have been taught to do things the tyrannical way by the man responsible for leading them. And that would have been a disaster for everyone."

Artemis is incensed. "They can't blame her for what he did!"

"Yes, they can. And they can certainly blame the Greenies for not keeping tabs on Sinestro, and her for agreeing to work with them."

"Well, why'd she take it then, if everyone was going to hate her for it?"

"Who else could she trust? They gave the ring to Sinestro in the first place. Who would they have given it to if she hadn't taken it? She took the hit because she thought she needed to, for the good of all."

Don't think that Artemis liked that story. "What about the other guy?"

"You sure? Bro'Dee Walker's story s'not much more upbeat."

"How can it be less upbeat than getting exiled from the planet he saved?"

"Alright. Bro'Dee Walker's homeworld was technologically equivalent to our mid nineteenth century when its sun started dying. They knew enough to realise what was happening, but weren't advanced enough to escape or call for help. Walker was a priest, and while all around him went mad with fear he put his faith in scripture, the inspiring tales of his people's great heroes. When it became apparent that not enough of his fellows shared his attitude he remembered a prophecy concerning the arrival of a divinely appointed champion who would be revealed to the faithful at the hour of their greatest need. And since it's hard to get greater than complete societal collapse due to oncoming nova, he decided to undertake a pilgrimage to the mountain where the saviour was supposed to appear. He set out with his father, his wife, his son and his daughter, each of whom his faith had inspired."

I generate a simple illustrative construct. I don't remember exactly what they looked like, but it should be close enough.

"On the way to the mountain they had to cross a rickety rope bridge. Their children made it safely to the other side, but the rope snapped while the adults were still on it. Walker and his wife were able to hold on but his father wasn't, and he fell to his death. A little further along they came to a mountain stream and stopped to get a drink and to bathe. Unfortunately, the sun's increased heat had melted the ice from the top of the mountains and the river surged while they were in it. Walker was able to rescue his son, but his wife and daughter were swept away and drowned. With nothing better to do, the two of them continued their journey. It took them days to get to the upper slopes of the mountain and by the time they did their supplies were exhausted. Walker and his son stopped to rest for a while, and while he wasn't watching his son ate a fruit from one of the local vines. The stomach cramps started almost immediately, and the poison killed him before the day was over. Alone and despairing, unable to think of anything else to do but keep going through sheer bloody mindedness, Walker made the final ascent. By the time he reached the summit it was raining hard, and he pulled himself over the final ridge hoping against hope to see someone, something, that would give his family's deaths meaning."

I shake my head as my construct Walker rails against the uncaring heavens.

"But the summit was empty. He fell to his knees, beat the ground with his fists, cursed everything. His family had believed in him as he had believed in the prophecy, and there was no one there. When he finally had the strength to move again, he raised his head up a little, and saw, reflected in the water running down one of the larger rocks that lay on the peak, his own face. Understanding dawned. He walked back down the mountain, back into his temple, picked up his holy book, walked out into the town's main square, and started preaching. To start with, people just ignored him, but he kept going, and as time passed his calm cut through the fear and people stopped to listen. Eventually the whole town stood there, listening to him remind them of the best aspects of their nature. Once that happened he travelled on to the next town, then the next, and where he walked peace and sanity were restored. Finally, when his whole people were prepared to accept the end with dignity, the first blue power ring descended from the sky, drawn there by the hope he inspired. The very first thing he did with it? He channelled that hope and rejuvenated their sun by millions of years."

I relax a little, dismissing the construct.

"The nova reversed. Planet's still there now, if you're ever in Sector one, and the first Blue Lantern is hailed as a saint by his people. He earned his ring, and I can only hope to one day be a fraction as good a man as he is."

I think they're stunned. I wave the Catan hexes.

"Anyone for another game?"

16th October
18:10 GMT -5

Artemis and I run past the soldiers covering the library door. Not.. sure what they think those M16s are going to do but the skies are currently clear so I doubt that it matters. About twenty at various states of readiness. We come to a halt next to Wallace. Mister J'onzz is doing something with the zeta tube's computer.

"Kid Flash, would you mind holding onto this?" I hold out Guy's lantern.

"W..?" He takes it in both hands, staring at it. "I can't use it without a ring."

"No, but you might be able to restart some of the Watchtower's systems with it. That's where we're going, right?"

"Ah, no, back to the cave."

"Why are we going there? The Watchtower's labs are far better. Has it been destroyed?"

"Ah..."

"Never mind. Artemis, these are for you." I bring the bow and quiver out of subspace and pass them to her. "They.. used to belong to Wonder Woman, so you should be able to use them at full power."

"R-right." She folds her bow and gives Diana's a pull to test the resistance.

Ring, monitor alien fighter behaviour.

Compliance.

I turn away and walk over to where Mister J'onzz, Kaldur and General Lane are standing. A small.. turret of some kind? Extends from the ceiling and runs a green scanning beam over Mister J'onzz. He still looks a bit dazed.

"Override, Martian Manhunter, zero seven."

"Recognised. Access granted." The outer doors open, revealing the zeta tube itself.

"Aqualad? Have we been able to contact the Watchtower?"

M'gann steps into the tube. "Recognised, Miss Martian, B, zero five."

He looks at me sadly. "Even if it survives, it is unlikely that any members of the League would have fallen back there."

"No, but Robin dug these-" I take the lumps of alien spacecraft out of subspace. "-out of one of the fighters from earlier. The cave doesn't have a xenotech lab, the Watchtower does. If there's data on here..."

"It would likely take more time than we have. Artemis."

She comes forwards.

"Recognised, Artemis, B, zero eight."

"Would Kid Flash be able to restart any of the systems the Guardians deactivated using Guy's lantern?"

Kaldur waves Wallace forwards. "Perhaps, but if the zeta system were damaged he would be stuck on the Watchtower with no way to evacuate."

"How about I try it, then?"

He shakes is head. "It is too risky. You are next."

"Isn't there a risk that the aliens will be able to use this place to trace where we've gone. Particularly if they are familiar with zeta radiation?"

He hesitates. "What do you propose?"

"Leave me till last. I can fly at faster than light speed. Catch you up manually. I can wipe the computers and smash everything after you've gone."

And I really don't want you to see what I'm about to do.

He nods. "Very well."

I pluck the lantern from Wallace's unresisting hands.

"Kid Flash, B, zero three."

"Manhunter-."

Warning, incoming-

Shield!

Teekl shoots in through the door as a wall of overlapping kite shields appear along the walls and over the door. Several soldiers try and aim at her but she's moving too fast.

-attack craft.

A beam of ruby energy takes out part of the far wall next to the door, but the shields behind it hold. Teekl takes cover behind my legs, fur on end.

"Recognised, Martian Manhunter, zero seven."

Seeing no return fire, the aliens intensify their attack. Individual shields weaken as more beams are fired. Kaldur catches General Lane's eye. "General, begin evacuating!"

Why aren't they using their zeta cannon things? Did the ones we fought near the Fortress not realise the signif-.

The roof comes down! Shield! I get the dome up fast enough to block most of the debris, but I hear a yelp of pain as a chunk of rubble lands on someone. I can't keep up this many defensive constructs!

What do I do?

!Wrongness! !Teammates must thrive!

"Kaldur. Get out of here!"

A giant hand construct forms from my ring hand and shoves him back towards the zeta tube.

"Recognised, Aqualad, B, zero two."

But there are still people in here and I can't keep the shield up. I need more power. No choice.

I close my eyes, trying to bring all of my desires to the forefront of my mind.

"This is my power."
The treasures of civilisations, fallen ages past. Bones stripped of flesh and marrow.
"This is my light."
Vast serpentine eyes blink.
The ring pulses.
"Be it bright of day or black of night."
Forked tongue flicks, tasting my presence. Approval.
"I claim all that lies within my sight"
A squalling gnat is knocked aside as scales flow through the portal to their new home.
The ring shines, the links between myself and my shields expand and thrum. My lanterns shakes and glows so brightly that it's painful to look at. Distantly I'm aware of the soldiers moving past me into the zeta tube.
"TO TAKE WHAT I WANT, THAT IS MY RIGHT!"

Orange...
...
...light...
...
...everywhere...

16th October
18:14 GMT -5

And everything is suddenly so very clear. This is my building. These are my soldiers. And I'm not going to have anyone harming what is mine. I raise my right hand a little

Nasty will. Drop it, drop it.

dropping Guy's lantern to the ground with a clatter. Why did I want to use that to power the Watchtower? When I make it mine I'll use my own lant.. no, that would expend it. It's all I have left of Alan, I'm keeping it forever. I still have scans of Alan's when I first converted it, I'll just reconfigure Guy's to orange. Then I'll have a Watchtower. Yes.

The shield around the room is now effortlessly preventing the normal beams from penetrating, but those zeta flayers could still be

We/I recognise those.

easy to deal with, now that I understand the operating principles of zeta transportation technology. Jam.

"Hey, ahhh..."

I look down at the soldier. The name stencilled on his armour says 'Reid', but he

Are we/I being blocked?

seems somehow insubstantial, almost hollow.

"Yes?"

"Can you operate the zeta tube?"

Oh, of course, the evacuation. One person at a time, who designed those things? I reach out to each soldier in the room, shifting rubble off them and repairing

We/I will keep our possessions in good repair.

their injuries. "General Lane, if you would please lead your men to the zeta tube entrance, I believe that I am now sufficiently powerful to guard your retreat."

They seem ill at ease for some reason. Should I alter their hormonal balance? No, that might reduce their combat effectiveness. Enhance them?

"Is that.. supposed.. to be there..?"

I frown, then look up into the Ophidian's face where it floats just above me. Its body is bent up above its head, one coil looping around the ceiling and then down the back wall, terminating with the tip of its tail plugged into my lantern.

"Yes. If it bothers you, just don't look at it."

"Iss.. it here to help?"

"That.. would probably be overstating it. But it is sharing

I/we do not share. I/we serve our interests.

its understanding of zeta radiation. I should be able to send all of you in one go. Or you could stay, if you wanted. I've got some fascinating techniques I could use to alter your bodies to be more combat effective."

I smile at him. I like having good teeth.

"No, no, ah.. General Lane, sir?"

The General lowers his rifle and stares at the Entity.

"Greaaaat snakes. You sure you know what you're doin', son?"

"Oh no, General, I'm making it up as I go. But I don't think I can kill all of the aliens and protect you and your men, so you might want to get out of here now."

He nods, and waves his right arm at the zeta tube entrance. The transmission process is simple enough, but I need to allow for the fact that there is significantly less space at the cave end. But we do have two tubes next to the main training area, plus two in the hangar. I'll just have to split them up.

Reminds me a little of when I used to play Command and Conquer: Tiberian Sun. When a unit got damaged and I didn't have any way to repair it I used to send it back to my main base to be out of harms way. Or in Morrowind, where I would get the Skeleton Key and never use it to keep it pristine.

The soldiers walk into the zeta tube. Most of them steal a look at the Ophidian overhead. A couple cross themselves. Right. Ring

I/we have no need for interlocutors.

don't worry, I can handle this. I blink slowly as I get used to interfacing directly with the tube's systems and pour orange light into it. Hahaa!

"Whom does the zeta tube work for?"

"You, master."

Yes, you do. I feel space begin to twist as I alter the zeta array itself, increasing its accuracy and precision tenfold. Then I activate it with a nod, and in a flash the soldiers are gone.

Next item on the agenda, resurrecting my friends. Should I be

The Life Entity is not here. We/I do not understand.

able to sense it now? Because I can't. Oh well, my plan had been to get normal lanterns of each colour then persuade a Controller to forge a ring, rather than petition the Life Entity directly. But I can't leave my other friends here while they're under attack. And... this building. If we're the new Justice League I'm not having our public face looking like a pile of rubble. I release my hold on my lantern and let it float into the air, then with a negligent wave of my left hand I expand the shield wall to encompass the entire building. Now, let's see, there should be plans and images in the League's computer.. there we are! I look up again.

"Better than a cave on

We/I appreciate liberation.

Okaara, isn't it?"

I drift through the library as walls and ceilings are made whole once more. Can't repair incinerated books without knowing exactly what

We/I sense a record.

they.. were... Oh, guess there was a record after all. In an orange shimmer the place is as good as new as I walk out into the lobby. I watch as an orange surge restores the front windows, through which I see twelve stationary alien fighters firing continuously from both weapons. I wave at them. Hmm, looks like jamming their zeta transmission doesn't shut off their carrier beam. Oh well, doesn't matter.

I turn back to the room, and wherever my eyes pass things are made right. The walls and floor knit back together either from material from the rubble or simply transmuted. Or maybe created ex nihilo. Not sure. Next the lights flick back on as I restore damaged power lines. Air conditioning is next, then water, then the tourist information computers. I think I can feel the whole of the building. Clean up the toilets, restart the reactor. Good job it isn't plugged into local systems, otherwise I'd have to restore the entire city to get this place working right.

Now, the statues. The bombardment the Hall received when we took shelter here has smashed apart the ones that were left. I could just restore them, but... we're the League now. Aren't we? So my team should have statues. Rock flows into orange moulds as the orange light gives my desires form. In the centre, standing over the lift entrance, I create Kon-El's likeness, arms folded across his chest. To his left, Artemis, and to his right, Robin. Next to Robin goes Wallace and then Kaldur, and next to Artemis goes me and then M'gann. Not strictly reflecting our hierarchy but pleasantly mirroring the positions of our predecessors, I think. I can always make extra statues for them somewhere else. Yes, those look good.

"We will rebuild this world as a testament to our greatness! All will love us and rejoice!"

I look up. The Ophidian is following me into the room. Well, its front part and its head are, the bulk of its body is still back in the library where I left my lantern. And Guy's. Well, those aren't urgent requirements. Ring, state

I/we have no need for interlocutors.

power level. I can feel much more than I used to be able to how much charge I have, but I'd like to be able to put a number on it.

"Fifty thousand percent remaining."

I grin.

"And -just to confirm- is it going down at all?"

"Charge level is not being depleted."

"Excellent."

Hey, where's Teekl

Our/my taste in toys is different now.

got to? I don't think she left with the soldiers. "Teekl! Here Teekl! Where y'gone? Where y'gone? Here, Teekie Teekie Teekie!"

I look around and.. oh, there she is! She's crouching at the top of one of the bookcases, growling and hissing at the Ophidian. Bit rude. Oh, I'm sure she'll

The toy will be quiescent.

come.. around... Teekl stands up, jumps down and strolls over towards me. Hmm. Not sure what happened there. Right. Power, cat, team mates safe. Next step: the air armada that's still firing at my building. I spread my arms out to the side and float upwards until I'm level with the top part of my Hall's glass frontage and the Ophidian's head. After a moment Teekl floats

Mere glass is inadequate to display our glory.

up to join us. Hm. Should I replace it with something else? It gleams for a moment as I transmute it to diamond. Is that really..? Aluminium oxynitride? One of Mister Luthor's fascinating ceramic nano-composites? I cycle through them a couple of times, trying to assess the visual differences. I honestly can't tell. Oh, let's just go with the LexCorp one. It feels more

Reasons are irrelevant.

Human. He made it to resist an alien, and it's resisting aliens. Or rather, it isn't, because orange shield. Well. The Ophidian turns its head towards the ceiling and moves forwards, passing through the steel and concrete with no resistance. Show-off. I still

We are joined. Our knowledge is one.

don't know how to do that, but maybe I can work it out? It's not a matter of destroying and reconstructing it. It can't be a matter of molecular density. I'm sure that's a mistranslation from the Ca'andran original because that whole idea makes no sense to me. Hmm. Some sort of partial planeshift, using the orange light as a conceptual tether? I float right up to the glass. Well, at least the only one who'll see if I do something stupid is Teekl. Through we go oh that's weird but I made it.

Above me the Ophidian's busy looping itself around the roof. The alien fighters split their attention between it and me, and I chuckle as they fail to harm either. The Ophidian flicks out

They have no scent.

its tongue. I wonder why it hasn't attacked them yet. Is it waiting for me? Sweet. I hold out my left hand and make a grabbing motion, warping gravity around the closest fighter. I feel its drive system try to resist. Futile. Get over here. I pull it to me, dome level with my face.

"Not quite as much fun when someone does it to you, is it?"

Its armour strains as it continues trying to manoeuvre.

"Your communications are still intact. I know you can understand me. And I want you to understand me when I tell you this. And I want you to relay it to every other unit your people have on Earth and Mars and anywhere else."

I lean closer, and rest my left hand on the dome surface.

"Are you listening? Yes? What I'm going to do is, I'm going to tell you where you went wrong. This planet? It's called Earth. It's not really all that important to the wider universe, pretty primitive, a bit out of the way, but, it's mine."

I pat myself in the centre of my chest with my right hand.

"Mine. That building-" I point at my Hall. "-is mine. You damaged it and I had to repair it. I could live with that. But what I can't live with is what you've done to the people. My friends. Because, you see..."

What do I/we want most of all?

"Ahem, THESE PEOPLE ARE MINE! AND NO ONE TAKES WHAT IS MINE FROM ME!"

The orange beam from the ring burrows through the centre of the ship, pierces the rear armour and then spreads out inside. The dome glows brightly as the outer hull cracks, and then explodes outwards.

No, you don't. You're mine and you'll do what I tell you.

A network of orange beams link every piece of ship together before they can strike the ground, and pull them back together in the sky. I can feel it as broken hull pieces fuse back together, wires and tubes realigning and techno-organic computer systems recompiling. The exterior twists as an orange sigil appear on its now orange front dome.

Mine.

I go higher into the air, orange filaments whipping around from the ends of my fingers.

Mine.

Each filament strikes a fighter and in a pulse of orange light they become mine.

Mine.

The last few fighters try to break off and try to flee. Chuckling, I point forwards with both hands and the filaments seek them out as well. I can feel their thoughts on the edge of my mind. It's similar to piloting the bioship except that I'm not even trying to make this a relationship between equals.

"Spacecraft of the Orange Lantern Corps. Seek out your brethren, and destroy them utterly. Off you trot."

I feel them access their tactical network, then they form into squadrons of three and peel off after their targets. I turn to the Ophidian.

"Look at them go!"

Now, what was next? There are still people in this city, and while I may not care for any of them individually every bit of damage I can undo or prevent is something I won't have to come back and fix later. I hold up my right arm and create a paintbrush construct.

"First, I'll fix this city."

I wave the brush and in an orange glow buildings are restored.

"Fix the people."

I reach out to the trapped and terrified. I liberate and calm.

They are too easily damaged.

And augment. After this we can't just go back to the situation pro bellum. Nothing crazy, I'm not going to Danner the whole world or anything. But strength and intelligence are based on physical structures. Behavioural tendencies are the results of hormones and brain structures just as much as learning. A few modest tweaks... Yes.

One of my fighters surges out from the ring. It's no longer metal at all, just pure orange light. It looks at me for instructions.

"Get back to it you slacker. And no dawdling, you're a Lantern, act like it."

A streak of orange lightning and it's back to the fight. Right, Washington D.C.'s fixed. What's next?

"AND YOU'RE MINE

Assimilation complete. These will be useful.

AS WELL!"

Gosh, this is fun. When I thought about it, I realised that everyone I cared about personally was either safe or dead. So, second tier: where are the people they care about? Didn't take long to pick up Mister and Missus West and drop them and Paula and Jade off in the Batcave. And to seal them and Alfred in. Then I remembered M'gann's family. I never asked where on Mars they lived. Probably should have done. But, when I thought about it I realised that it didn't really matter; any mothership I left unmolested would go on to attack their city if I just attacked the immediate threat. Plus, even one mothership would provide me with

Toys.

enough chaff for distraction attacks on the rest. Heck, even assimilating a whole mothership didn't take more than about twenty

Fifteen point four.

seconds. Once it became clear exactly how one sided this was going to be I just sent those I'd already taken into orbit to watch for further attacks. Only three of the Martian cities were properly breached, though anything that was left on the surface was properly wrecked. They used these weird four legged things for infantry, thin insect like legs equidistant around a central cylinder with an eye gun about half way up. Cleaning them up didn't take much longer. Unfortunately I've got no idea how to identify M'gann's family. From what she said about Martian families there're probably loads of M'orzzes around, I can't hack the biological data storage systems they use and for some

Inconceivable!

reason I can't perceive the local's desires to just find people who are worried about her.

Has been interesting to see Martian warships. They started joining in after I dealt with the fifth mothership. Hmm. I suppose those few might be all that's left. Bit pointless really. They can't hit hard enough or move fast enough to matter. I ended up just sticking shields around them to stop a lucky hit from an alien fighter taking them down. They also don't seem

Jealous of my/our majesty.

too keen on the Ophidian though. I left it with my lantern in orbit, but one of the motherships tried to do a runner and its head entered the atmosphere to bite it. They kind of freaked out a bit.

This whole thing reminds me of the second time I tried to play Dungeons and Dragons. After the DM banned me from playing as a pony I looked at the possibility of playing as a necromancer. Foolishly, I assumed that the necromancer would be a minion controller class. I mean, it's all about summoning and binding the undead, right? Wrong. Not even a skeleton until something stupid like level 5. I wasn't expecting Wights or anything at level 1, but a zombie rat? A weak skeleton? A ghost? Something? Anything relating to the title? No. Fuck you negative energy blasts.

Right, when I get back to Earth I'm fixing D&D. And Warhammer 40,000. Oh goodness, yes. And I'm going to see about introducing Babylon 5 CCG, the greatest CCG of all time. I don't even care that no one here's watched the series, I want a game. A game against decks that someone else has designed. The ring's been improving my memory for as long as I've been wearing it and I'm sure it can extract near complete sets from my mind. Kon was saying that he.. was.. enjoying...

Kon's dead. That's.. important. I should probably get on with doing something about that. An instant later I'm outside the orbital mothership cordon. I'm not getting any feedback about further threats so hopefully this is about it. I'll take two with me and leave the other seventy here. Feel a bit silly forgetting that Construct Lanterns could perform their own assimilations. Having motherships fire assimilation cannons rather than zeta-cannons sped things up a great deal. Okay, got my lantern, got my Entity, got my cat -I scratch her head and she rolls on her back for a belly rub- got my Construct Lantern motherships... You know, now I really look a them, their design is really ugly. Not very efficient either. If I just rearranged the main beam projectors-. No. No. Resurrect Kryptonian beefcake first, alien weapon systems later.

Would it be too obvious if I went straight to Happy Harbour? Note to self, change every sign in the place to spell it properly. Eh, I'll just go into orbit somewhere around the moon and have a think. Transitioning. Right, you, mothership A, deploy fighters. Mothership B, stick with me. Now, where is everyone?

"...survives because the battle is not over."

Kaldur? No, just a recording.

"Not as long as even one of us-"

Me, I suppose.

"-is willing to fight."

This is supposed to be.. stirring, isn't it? It doesn't really make me feel anything other than slightly aggravated that my property might be at risk.

"It doesn't matter how many fall."

Does that sound as stupid to everyone else as it does to me? Is that fault of Wallace's delivery? Am I just jaded? Or -Heh- did the aliens focus on the good speech writers specifically to prevent this sort of thing?

"For new heroes will always rise to carry on."

Not if everyone dies. Right, stop listening. The cave... They're not at the cave. Where are they then? Smallville? What the hell are they doing in Smallville?

Oh

Undesirable.

heck. Move!

I'm at the edge of a patch of woodland as the grounded mothership detonates, blast wave burning the earth bare. Wallace and Artemis were in there and I can't find them. Kaldur. I can't feel Kaldur. Do not want! Do not want! Okay, deal with the alien attack, assimilate Ra's, still manageable. Mothership, get down here and mop up. Where's M'gann and Mister J'onzz?

**Don't... Don't tell me the mission was a success. The price was too high.**

There she is! I appear just before the two Martians.

"Hello!"

"Paul, you're alive! I thought you died in the Hall!"

"Pch, nah." I look up as a bright orange light illuminates the landscape. "Oh, and check out my new mothership."

Its secondary batteries open up on the surviving alien fighters, and moments later they are either destroyed or assimilated, joining the flock. I can just about see Teekl sitting on top of it, lantern in her mouth. Has the Ophidian finished coming through?

"Picked it up on Mars."

"They.. they attacked Mars?"

"They hit Mars harder than they hit here. Didn't do all that much damage before the Ophidian and I cleared them out. In fact, the only place that suffered significant damage was that place near Albor Tholus."

**No no no no no no no no no...**

"I mean, they were stomped completely flat. I'd hate to have lived there. Look, if we're about done here I think we should make a start on the Lazarus Pit thing..?"

The Ophidian shimmers back

We/I will make this place ours.

into corporeality just behind me. Mister J'onzz eyes widen in shock. "No. This has gone on too long already."

Hm? Oh I suppose a giant translucent orange snake takes a bit of getting used-.

He steps forwards and rams his fist through M'gann's chest.

M'gann shudders, eyes wide and water filled. Her cape bulges as his fist emerges from the other side of her torso.

"KILL YOU!"

The Ophidian surges forward as my orange pulse hits her uncle in the head, killing him and knocking his smouldering corpse to the ground. I rush to take

She is mine/ours.

hold of M'gann. Martian healing Martian healing Martian healing. Not allowed to die! Not allowed. Don't know if Lazarus Pit works on aliens! The Ophidian pierces Manhunter's body with its fangs as I try to remember which organs are important to shifted Martians and...

Purple Mists..?

Where's she gone? SHE's MINE.

Our eyes snap open showing us the ceiling of the training area, illuminated by the bright orange light shining off me in all directions.

"Give her back, she's MINE!"

We're in the air over a circle of stone slabs, one of our team mates on each Kon! Keep safe keep safe! We fling each of them into the air and create the strongest construct armour around them we can. Immediately we realise that Artemis is squishy again. Fixfixfix! And Robin! Mustn't get hurt!

Where are our enemies! Manhunter

Analgesia.

lies in the centre of the circle and is starting to rise. No!

"Hhssssssssssss!"

A pulse of orange light sends him tumbling across the room, bouncing him into the floor and finally pinning him to the far wall. Teekl flees the room while Marvel

Going for a walk in the park with his father on a sunny day.

stares in confusion while Batman

Fulfil his responsibility to protect the children.

... What? They're dead. We saw them die! Is Diana..? She's alive! Alan's alive! Guy's... Not here. Where find him find him find him! GreenLightGreenLightTooMuchGreen! No! We need him! We see him! He's standing in front of a half circle of... Green Men. We remember them and we don't like them. They helped the gnat.

"Orange Lantern, that's enough! Stand down!"

Batman is staring up at us. We wrench our attention away from the.. Guardians! That's what they call themselves. He's.. important.? We think?

"Batman." Nasty Manhunter speaking! "It's not him. Something else came throu-!"

We muzzle him. Not important. Team mates! Aside from elevated stress levels they seem in good condition. Aliens? No, no hostile forces nearby. Kon! We remove the armour constructs around them, leaving the flight aura. Then we zoom over to Kon

To stop being confused.

and hug him around the waist, rubbing our face against his chest.

Want. Koooooooooon.

We perceive Batman move to a position directly behind us. "Identify yourself."

Kon pats me on the shoulder. "Paul, what's going on?"

**That isn't Orange Lantern.** Manhunter voice in head bad! We manifest our snake-face directly in front of him. "HHHHEeeeeeeehhhhh!"

"Orange Lantern, this is a direct order. Drop your constructs and take off your ring."

We don't want to, but... Our prop- No, our ingroup is safe. He.. has.. authority... We lower everyone to the ground, regretfully peeling ourself from Kon. Making eye contact with the Manhunter we remove his bonds, muzzle and guard.

**Manhunter, what happened in there?** Batman's eyes are still focused on us. His hand... Is he preparing a weapon of some kind? Nothing he's carrying could hurt us.

**M'gann's belief in the reality of the exercise overwhelmed me. I became as trapped as they were. By the time I remembered what had happened only M'gann and Orange Lantern remained active. But.. he had turned hundreds of alien ships into constructs, something that should far exceed his power level. He was also accompanied by a giant orange snake, and no such creature existed within the scenario.**

"Orange Lantern, I ordered you to take off your ring."

We narrow our eyes. "No, we won't, too dangerous."

Wallace

When he was seven years old, he saw a racing red bicycle being ridden by another child.

looks at me in confusion. "We?"

Kaldur's hands glow. "There is another presence within his body."

"Kon died! Diana and Alan were dead! We... I... He needed more power!"

Artemis rubs her head. "About that. Not that I'm complaining, but..."

Batman looks at her. "Try to remember. What you experienced was a training exercise. Manhunter psychically linked the six of you in an artificial reality. You all knew this going in. What you didn't know was that it was a train for failure exercise."

We scrunch ourselves up, hands held near our ears, wobbling back and forth. "Exercise exercise exercise exercise." We think that's.. bad. Why is that bad why is that bad?

Batman glances at us before continuing. "No matter what the team accomplished the scenario was designed to grow worse."

"hEhEhEhE HeHeHeHe."

"Still, you were aware that nothing was real, including the deaths of the entire Justice League."

Manhunter gingerly walks towards us. "That was why you hardly grieved, even when your mentors were disintegrated before your eyes."

"Not real not real not real not real not real."

"But all that changed when Robin died. Though consciously Miss Martian knew it was not real her subconscious mind could not make that distinction. She forgot it was only an exercise... And her subconscious took control, making all of you forget too."

Batman walks slowly in my direction, then crouches down.

"Orange Lantern. What did you do?"

"Kon was dead and Robin was dead and everyone we cared about was dead or stuck in an unwinnable fight. We needed more power. We.. he.. connected his personal lantern to the Orange Central Power Battery and called us.. it.. the.. the Ophidian, through."

"The Avarice Elemental."

"Embodiment. Far more than an elemental."

"Contact with something like that must have been a shock."

"Contact? Contact? It's still here-" We tap our chest. "-in us. We are the Ophidian, and the Orange Lantern."

The bipeds wrestle in the dirt while we watch. One is stronger, firmer, more experienced. He believes himself to be favoured by their tribe's god, and this has granted him a confidence and resolution.

The other is smaller. Weaker. He has no great skill and no weapons and were the others of their tribe to see them fighting they would swiftly kill him for daring to harm the god's chosen.

The chosen one does not call for help. After all, why should he need it?

The other? We have favoured him. We have whispered in his ear of want and acquisition. He believes that his god has chosen wrongly, and that if he wins here that the rest of his tribe will see that. He wants what the other has. He wants it in a way one smugly accustomed to power and authority cannot imagine.

His avarice empowers him. He twists, he bites, he gouges and when the fight is over it is he who is victorious, standing over the still body of his rival. He roars his triumph.

We are already well familiar with this pattern. We saw it in our original home, when our need for pre-eminence led to us experiencing a growth in comprehension unknown amongst our kin. The sight of worlds beyond number, civilisations of all shapes and styles, uncountable galactic years, a grand testament to the power of avarice to motivate and empower.

And blind.

We do not like to reflect upon our failures, but perhaps we might have learned something from the brevity of that creature's triumph, before it was driven from its tribe for its actions. The suffering it subsequently experienced. With the understanding that our new joining has brought us, we can see an equivalence to our own capture and imprisonment by the gnat. Our avarice is strong, but without direction we charge heedlessly. We understand that now, and we will change it.

The smaller green one

M'gann. Her name is M'gann.

"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry."

has water leaking from her eyes. Not a Martian gesture. Her need to be part of her new community is so strong that she

Tymbrimi

changes fundamental part of her physiology and adopts the mindset instinctively. Community-need. We feel it too. We have not felt that in

M'gann needs me. I calm, stand, turn and walk up to her, embracing her.

a vast amount of time.

**[Wellbeing] This is not your fault.**

"You said this couldn't happen!" Kon takes a defensive stance with M'gann and myself behind him and our mentors in front. "You said he wouldn't be able to use his ring!"

Manhunter shakes his head in confusion. "It should not have been possible. I truly do not understand."

**[Fear]**

**[Reassurance/Fellowship]**

M'gann pulls away a little and looks up at my face. She's.. looking at something. What is she looking at?

"Why didn't you stop the exercise?!"

"We tried, but M'gann had.. a death grip on the scenario. Even Robin -who should have awakened upon his death- was so convinced he had passed that he slipped into a coma. I realised I would have to wrest control from Miss Martian's subconscious from within. But upon entering the reality, I was overwhelmed by your collective emotion. There was.. too much.. noise, to think clearly. To remember why I was there. The death of Superboy helped, but the brief moment of clarity I experienced was swiftly drowned out by a single overwhelming sensation. It was only when the mothership exploded and Aqualad, Artemis and Kid Flash were silenced that I could begin to focus clearly. When the.. Entity within Orange Lantern revealed itself I was able to identify and block its influence, clearing my mind for long enough for me to remember my true purpose; to shock M'gann out of the exercise, before your comas became permanent. My apologies. I had no idea a training exercise could be so dangerous."

He is touching our mind.

He reels and Red Tornado catches him. "So.. so damaging."

I hear a crunching, and Artemis raises her right hand up to shoulder height, a lump of the concrete bier she was lying on held therein. She stares at it and squeezes. It explodes into powder. Wallace goggles.

"Wait. That was.. that was inside the illusion. Why can you-?"

Artemis wheels on the spot-

"Aaaaaghh!"

-and punches the end of the bier full force. It cracks, rubble exploding outward from the far end and spraying across the room. She breathes heavily, clenching and unclenching her right fist.

"H-how..?"

"You were too fragile. We couldn't risk you being hurt."

"When the planet was being invaded by aliens!"

"As far as we can see the same logic applies now. You weren't any more resilient, and the planet might be invaded tomorrow."

"What? You mean you did it after..?"

"Yes. Robin too."

His head whips around. "What?"

"Your death in the training scenario highlighted concerns about your physical limits which we had had for some time. When we awoke and felt under threat and you weren't dead anymore it seemed perfectly rational-."

He jumps directly up, reaching the roof of the training room nine metres up without straining himself. He turns in the air and pushes off it with his legs, landing lightly in a crouch.

"Whow."

**See M'gann, no harm was done. Robin and Artemis are stronger, and at our current power level there is nothing that can stop us protecting everyone.**

M'gann takes a clumsy step backwards away from us as Batman clasps a hand on our shoulder and shoves us around.

"What exactly did you do to them?"

"We introduced the Danner Formula into every cell in their bodies. It's completely safe, we tested it."

"Give me the inhibitor collar right now!"

Artemis is not as receptive as we had thought that she would be. She takes a step back as we turn our head to her. Something has definitely happened to our appearance. "No. That would just make you vulnerable again. We never want to see our team mates die again, you are all too important to us."

Kon turns to Manhunter. "We can get that thing out of him, right?"

Manhunter puts his right hand in the centre of his chest. "I am uncertain, but-" His uniform flows away from where he's touching, revealing green skin and the glowing orange lantern sigil embedded in it. We reach up with our right hand and feel the familiar shape on our forehead. "-I believe that we must try as a matter of urgency."

*Supplementary, Renegade*
16th October
19:03 GMT -5

"But Uncle J'onn said there was no way he could have stopped me."

"I know and accept that."

"Then I don't understand why you're still mad at him."

After doing a certain amount of damage to the gymnasium and composing my report on the training 'incident', I walked to the hangar and attempted to calm myself by sitting on the launch platform with my legs crossed, watching the waters. Hm, going to my 'happy place'. That was where M'gann found me. I'm shielding my mind and I altered internal monitoring so that it would not report my position. She must simply have been searching manually.

"M'gann, when I first started training with Wonder Woman she was very careful in precisely assessing the strength and durability of my constructs. She did this so that she could train me in a way that was safe for both of us. She did the same again after my.. physical change. And though we have both received minor injuries during our sessions together, the risk of anything serious happening is minimised to the greatest degree possible."

"But he didn't kno-."

"Exactly." She blinks at me. "That might be a reasonable excuse if he genuinely had no idea that you were telepathic but that is very much not the case. He knew that you are telepathic, he accepted responsibility for training you, and he never bothered assessing how strong you are."

She blinks. "Oh."

"Worse, he decided to telepathically link you to the rest of us, just to make it a bit more dangerous." I spread my arms wide in a gesture of appeal. "Is that how the Manhunters usually run things?"

"I don't, um, I'm not.. sure?"

"Though it could have been worse. Can you imagine if something like this had happened on an actual mission? Uuh." I shake my head. "M'gann, I'm.. I'm sorry. The technique I used to break the link... At the time-."

"You don't need to apologise. I was the one who was mind controlling-"

"No." My right hand envelopes her right shoulder and I stare into her eyes. "Of all the people who are at fault here you are not one of them. I will certainly not criticise you for being too empathetic. Perhaps the rest of us would have done the same, had we your power set. There is no way to know." She looks at the ground, but nods anyway. I release her shoulder and push myself to my feet before extending my left hand to her. After a moment she looks up and takes it and I pull her up. "Come on. Wallace of all people volunteered to cook this evening and there's nothing like spending an hour in a furious temper to give me an appetite."

She nods, and together we walk down the concrete steps. "What's he making?"

"I shudder to think." What with one thing and another it didn't occur to me to ask.

"He wouldn't have volunteered if he couldn't cook something." I give her a sceptical look, and she's suddenly less sure. "He wouldn't, right?"

As we walk across the main floor and up the steps to the kitchen and recreation area, I'm left wondering what horrors are about to be unleashed on our palates. My sense of taste was dulled by my transformation in the same manner as my sense of touch, but again the ring can make up the difference. In an emergency I know a few quality take away restaurants, but my colleagues don't always share my preferences. I let M'gann go first as we enter the kitchen. I'd have held open the door for her but space-wise it isn't really practical.

Wallace looks up from his.. is that a wok? Oh dear. "Hey guys! We were about to send out a search party!"

"Wally, we were just in the hangar."

Artemis, Kon and Richard are hard at work on their reports. Kaldur's helping by chopping celery. He looks at me. "I am glad that you have been able to resolve your differences."

I wave him off. "My problem was never with M'gann."

Richard looks up. "What are you talking about? You hate telepathy."

"I regard it as a useful tool. The fact that the idea of someone touching my mind makes me uncomfortable does not mean that I dislike telepaths personally. That said, M'gann, given what happened could I perhaps recommend an alternate telepathy tutor? I think we'd both prefer it if this didn't happen again."

She looks uncomfortable. "Uncle J'onn..."

"Can just suck it up. Uuh, he has other responsibilities in addition to your training. I was thinking-."

"About the guy who taught you how to block Psimon?" Richard slides his completed report away from him.

"Oh, good heavens no. Henry King Junior." I generate a life-sized construct. "Fifty eight, formally Brainwave of Infinity Incorporated. He works as a motivational speaker now. His primary skill is telepathic illusion, but he is perhaps the most capable Human telepath available."

Richard crosses his arms. "What's wrong with your teacher?"

"He values his privacy quite highly. I was taking my life into my own hands approaching him as I did, but he found me amusing enough to tolerate the intrusion. Telling other superheroes about him would risk harming the working relationship we have established, and I can hardly teach M'gann what he's been showing me myself."

"Maybe that should be for Miss Martian to decide."

Something's going on. "What's this about, Robin?"

"It's about the way you keep secrets from the rest of us. And not just the telepathy thing, you never said how you knew to attack Klarion's familiar. Or how you knew that Teth Adom existed at all."

"Ah. Then you feel that I should be completely open and honest with my team mates?"

"Yes! I think we've earned it."

!Put the whelp in his place!

"Very well, then I have but one question." I fix him with my gaze and he meets it unflinchingly. "What is your name?"

Then he flinches.

"Oh, come on Oh El. That's not fair." Wallace defends his friend. "Batman ordered him not to tell us."

"Batman isn't here."

"The monitoring-."

"Internal monitoring shows what I want it to. There will be no recording. So, Boy Wonder, are we.. worthy? Of hearing your name? Have we.. earned it?"

He's still meeting my eyes, but he seems to have shrunk. The bravado's gone. We regard each other for a minute before he looks down, picks up his report and rises to leave.

I let him get half way to the far door before I speak, slowly and deliberately. "Richard. John. Grayson." He freezes. Artemis quietly gasps, and looks at him anew. The others are staring at me. "His name is Chester Black, also known as Manchester Black and 'Manny' to his few friends. He works as a spy, saboteur, agent provocateur and occasional assassin for the British government, and the first time he tried to teach me anything I was reduced to a quivering, incoherent, incontinent mess. He is not a nice man but he is very good at what he does. M'gann, if you truly want him to teach you I will make contact on your behalf but I urge you to chose Mister King. He's more.. your sort of person."

Wallace looks dismayed. "Dude..."

"You knew." Richard's hands are clenched tightly. He remains facing the exit. "You knew, and you asked me anyway."

I nod. "Yes, I did. I've known since I first got here."

"Then why?"

"Because you demanded my secrets while giving none of your own. Because Batman's order was an insult to my intelligence and to our team mates' integrity. And because you pushed me."

Gotham City
15th October
22:12 GMT -5

"Sooo... How long do you normally stay out?"

Artemis and I are standing on the roof of a run down apartment building opposite a warehouse. Gotham: living the stereotype. I say standing; she's crouched, watching over the rim of the building through some techy looking binoculars as rough looking types load up a van. I'm sitting down with my eyes closed, having the ring play the scene by my optic nerve.

"Wh..?" She lowers her binoculars and turns her head to look at me for a moment before going back to spotting duty.

"How long-?"

"You really think this is the time!?"

"I'm seeing seven men, two shotguns and a revolver. Given that we're in Gotham..."

"What's in the boxes?"

"Looks like junk. Some shelving, various types of light bulb, some pipes... Could be a theft, but there's nothing high value there. Honestly, I doubt they'd make minimum wage plus van rental."

"It used to be an electrical supply warehouse."

"There you go then. Someone new's bought it and they're having a clear out. Just check... Yep, new owner. Holding company, holding company, company owned by.. a.. Huh."

"What?"

"I'm not an expert, but I think that's a fake ID. Could just be from somewhere without good computer records, of course. No employee records matching the chaps down there, but they might just be day labour."

She relaxes a little. "I'll keep an eye on it." She stows the binoculars on her new equipment belt. Mister Gambi finished her new armour yesterday and I have to say that I rather like it. Much lighter than my own, it moves, it breathes, it covers her abdomen, it has her preferred decoration and colour scheme and it has an equipment belt. We'll need to add League issue camouflage material to the outside this weekend. "I usually stop patrolling at ten. Depends on whether I'm in Star City or Gotham. And what homework I've got."

"Ah, the eternal bane of the teenaged superhero."

She crawls a short way from the edge before standing. There aren't a lot of streetlights in this area and they wouldn't really illuminate the rooftops anyway, but we're hardly invisible. Especially me. My environmental shield is on minimal but these days it still gives off a visible amount of light. I follow her as she leads the way over to the next building.

"Do you have a.. set route?"

"There's only so many ways you can go around here. What's with the questions?"

"I've never patrolled before. Well, I fly around Happy Harbor sometimes, but the worst I've encountered there is a small group of rowdy drunks. Not exactly a challenge."

"Huh."

We reach the edge, and I put orange platforms under our feet to float us across.

"Do you... I mean, I got the impression that Batman was a bit particular about who was active in his city."

"He hasn't said anything about not patrolling. Not like Gotham's short of crime."

"Can you give me any indication of how you're feeling about the augmentation thing?"

"Mom wants to talk about it. Why, what's the rush?"

"There's, like, one woman on Themyscira who makes weapons of that grade. I don't know how long it'll take her, so if you said 'yeah, probably' I'd get her started as soon as possible. See if she can get it ready for Christmas."

We touch down and she takes cover behind a unlit billboard.

"I don't know. I'll talk to Mom about it this weekend and let you know Monday. Who's the Amazon who makes..?"

"Her name's Io, and she's been doing it for about three thousand years."

"Whaw. So, does she just do bows, or..?"

"Anything that needs smithing. I mean, at this point most Amazons can forge things. But no one's taken it as far as she has. She does weapon enchantments as well. Could see about replacing your arrows."

"Maybe. Does she do.. samples, so I could try one out?"

"I'll ask."

"She's really three thousand years old?"

"Thereabouts. They left mainland Greece about three thousand years ago, so she's probably a bit older."

She takes a quick look at the streets. I can't see anything interesting happening.

"They really don't have any men?"

"They did, right at the beginning. Young male children too young to have left their mothers, and some of them were pregnant. But the eternal youth spell on the island only applies to women and they were pretty homonormative, culturally. Not many pregnancies after they arrived on Themyscira, and eventually the last of the men just died off. Diana was the first 'new' Amazon for about two thousand eight hundred years."

"Wonder Woman didn't see a man until after she left?"

"Err. She'd seen pictures. Statues. But, no."

"Is she... y'know..?"

"I haven't asked."

"Right." Seeing nothing of interest, she walks to the other side of the building. "What time does Mister.. Jones, want us there?"

"He said four in the afternoon."

"He say what the scenario is yet?"

"Not exactly, but he did say that it will be a widespread disaster, and that the only reason he wasn't telling us was to stop us planning everything in advance. We'll be told as soon as it starts. So Kaldur's had us lifers planning for everything."

"Does this whole telepathic training thing seem weird to you?"

"Everything on this planet seems weird to me. Including me."

"Y'know what I mean."

I shrug. "It's not like we can practise a major natural disaster in the real world. We'll know it's not real but it will seem completely real. And, hey, if it works we could get M'gann to do it again for fun."

"What if something goes wrong?"

"Mister Jones has been on Earth for sixty years, and his people do this sort of thing all the time. I don't think we've got much to worry about."

*Episode 17*: Reordered

17th October
15:51 GMT -5

"Y'know, I think I'm starting to like New Paul."

He looks at the dishes of ice cream covering the dining area table. We aren't an expert... No, I suppose we are an expert. Probably the greatest expert ever, actually. Absorbing all frozen milk derivative pudding knowledge in the world only took a few moments, and we combine that with the ability to feel every molecule in the substance throughout the mixing and freezing process.

Artemis swings her right hand at the back of his head. We ready a shield, but Wallace sidesteps at super speed. "Hey! You need to be careful doing that!"

She crosses her arms at her chest, hands folded behind her upper arms. "I'd have hit you exactly as hard as you deserved. He's possessed, you shouldn't joke about it!"

"He seems okay to me."

"His forehead has a glowing lantern sign carved into it!"

He indicates a bowl with his spoon. "Hey, what's this one?"

"Orange flavoured."

He leans down to peer at it, squinting with his right eye. "Doesn't look very orange, buuut I guess you're the expert."

"We extracted oil from the rind of seven oranges to make it. Commercial orange ice cream almost always uses food colouring in addition to the artificial flavouring. We find this practise distasteful."

"See, he's even making jokes! Hey, Rob-" He addresses the wall monitor, through which the cave's laboratory can be seen. "-you finished the toxicology screening yet?"

Robin's face appears. "It's... As far as we can tell, it's just ice cream. Cream, sugar, egg yolks and flavoring."

"And it won't do to me that thing that happened to Manhunter?"

"Can't think of any reason why it would."

"Sweeeett."

"We would not have poisoned you. We are guided by our desire for your happiness."

"You're making him happy by helping him pig out on ice cream."

"It works."

"We will also be monitoring his digestive processes, his blood sugar and fat deposits. We have long been curious as to the cause of his dietary concerns."

Wallace shrugs. "I burn a lot of fuel to go fast."

"You would need to eat far more than you do to fuel your speed through calorie intake alone, you regularly eat more than your stomach should be able to process, you do not spend a proportionate quantity of time excreting and neither of your predecessors share this problem. It cannot be a simple matter of fuel."

"See Artemis, it's for science. What's this one?"

"Mint."

"And this one?"

"Mango."

"And-?"

"Peppermint."

Artemis appears to realise something. "You're monitoring his digestion?"

"Yes, of course. Matter is being transformed, and we must understand-."

"Okay, Oh El? New rule. No scanning me while I'm in the bathroom."

"That will make it much harder to get good results. And do you know how many superheroes have died while on the toilet?"

He and Artemis look at each other. "Nnnnnooooooo?"

"Three. Granted, in Red Bee's case it was due to underlying health problems rather than assassination... But if we'd been scanning him at the time we could have healed him."

Artemis screws up her face. "Ew!"

"Don't care, got ice cream." His expression turns more serious as he looks at me. "And I'm serious about the bathroom thing."

"As you wish. Having observed your ingestion habits we recommend starting with the white chocolate variety."

"Which one is..?"

We raise it up. "We have raised it to optimal eating temperature. We hope you will enjoy it."

He takes hold of the bowl in his left hand and brings his spoon to bear. "Here I go." His spoon passes easily into the soft white just freezing material. He takes a small amount before withdrawing and looking at it critically. "Looks okay."

"...down and have a bottle of beer with the ache of all you've lost. I saw Milarepa at the coffee house..." All three of us stare at the ring as it starts singing. We slap it a few times and it stops. "We're sorry, we have no idea why it keeps doing that. Please, continue."

Wallace frowns, but dismisses it. In truth, we are a little concerned. Neither of our components understand power ring programming and the Ophidian was once imprisoned by such a device. It shouldn't be acting contrary to our desires like that. The song is not relevant to our current situation. Or perhaps it is? The Ophidian couldn't be said to be caged any longer.

We watch as Wallace gingerly raises the spoon to his lips before sliding it in and sucking the ice cream off. He rolls it around his mouth for a moment for a moment, a beatific smile gradually appearing on his face. "This is the greatest thing I have ever tasted."

"We're glad, but you have many more to go. Perhaps we may surprise you again?" And then the bowl's empty and he's picked up the macadamia nut flavour. We flavoured it with nut oil rather than putting pieces in and we're not quite sure what the effect will be.

"Ugh." Artemis looks unimpressed as Wallace begins moving through our work at some speed. Fortunately, these are just sample bowls. We still have plenty more. "Look, are you.. both of you, whatever. You're still not going to do anything about this super strength.. thing."

Wallace momentarily stops spooning. "He gave you super powers! I dunno what you're complaining about!"

"I never asked for this!"

"And it's awesome!"

"We were really more concerned about-."

"And you still won't give me the collar that Paul made for me?"

"If you like the collar-."

"Whow whow whow." Wallace lowers his thirteenth bowl and gives Artemis a stunned look. "He gave you a collar? Like-?"

We generate a construct to demonstrate its appearance. Artemis throws a spoon through it, disrupting it and embedding her projectile in the door of one of the kitchen units.

"A power suppression collar! So I could get used to super strength without smashing things."

"That is actually far more unlikely than-."

"And now he gets possessed by a demon and just forces it on me!"

"The Ophidian isn't actually-."

"When that inquisitor gets here, I am so going to look forward to him kicking that stupid orange snake right out of you."

We blink. "Inquisitor?"

We're standing in the training area with Batman, Diana, Captain Marvel and Lantern Jordan. We're not really sure why Jordan has joined us. He is hopelessly outclassed. All he's doing is making us uncomfortable with his glowing ring and staring eyes. Wallace and Artemis followed us. Wallace picked up the snail ice cream to keep himself occupied and appears to be reconsidering the wisdom of his choice. Kaldur was already here. Kon and M'gann are.. outside, next to Doctor Holland's tree. M'gann has been rather out of sorts since the end of the scenario. We've tried to talk to her about it, but our presence does not seem to help.

"Recognised, Zatara, one one, Father Mattias, A zero seven."

Mister Zatara

John Constantine choking as he squeezes his throat with both hands.

takes a few steps into the room before stepping to the side, giving us our first good look at the inquisitor. He's an older but still athletic looking man with what looks like a buzz cut and is wearing a sarum cassock, though we note that it's slit at the sides. Surprisingly, his clerical collar is red rather than white, and his fascia is red bordered. He wears a heavy looking silver pectoral cross. What hair we can see is white, and his skin is tanned. Mediterranean heritage, perhaps. And

********

we are unable to read him. Odd. Ah, his upright part of his crucifix appears to be hollow near the crosspiece. We can't feel anything inside, but we suppose that doesn't mean that nothing is there.

He smiles at us. "So, you are the young man I am here to see?"

"Yes, we believe we are. However, we feel that we should reiterate; we are not possessed by a Demon. We are not convinced that your ministrations are appropriate. Furthermore, Orange Lantern was not Christian."

"The faith of the vessel is not really the issue. Do you know who I am?"

"The zeta tube said that your name was Father Mattias. Given your accent and ethnicity we doubt that was your birth name. We understood that inquisitors were ordained priests, not monks."

"Members of my order are not called inquisitors. But you are correct, we are not monks, and I was not born as Mattias."

"Not inquisitors? Do you really think that 'Hammer of Witches' has more positive associations?"

"We prefer to translate it as 'Hammer of the Malevolent' these days. His Holiness Pope Pius the Thirteenth ended the Church's universal prohibition on the use of magic in nineteen sixty five. Giovanni-" He hold out his right hand to Mister Zatara. "-was one of my parishioners before I joined the Order."

We look at Mister Zatara. "We had wondered how he'd squared that circle."

"Yes, the reforms were quite far reaching. The feeling during the Second Vatican Council was that the prohibition was actively interfering with our ability to guard our flocks against the temptations of the demonic. Of those priests who were actively involved in the.. sharp end.. of the struggle, most had adopted a policy of hiring non-Catholic wizards and seers anyway, if they did not simply choose to wilfully violate the edict themselves. And, since His Holiness had been involved in directly fighting against the unholy himself, he felt it foolish to require us to continue to practise such hypocrisy."

"But if you are a priest, why change your name?"

"To make it harder for those who would do us harm to identify us." He looks around the room at our mentors. "And, of course, there are certain spells which require a persons name to be spoken."

We search the Catholic Church's records. "We cannot identify where you received your clerical training."

"The Seminary of the Archdiocese of Milan, since you are interested."

We look again. "We see no record of you."

"When our Order was created, a number of experts in such matters were consulted. They had expertise we needed. Learning how to protect certain types of information from-."

"Two brothers and four sisters. Seventeen nieces and nephews. Two grand nieces. Ah, I see your real name." He doesn't react much, just nodding slightly.

"And how do you have that information?"

"We took a reading of your DNA from skin cells you have shed since entering the room, then compared them to everyone in Italy. You are still listed by your birth name in your eldest sister's photograph album. Her back is giving her trouble again."

He nods again. "That is quite impressive."

"Thank you. And now it isn't."

"...having a Danish with his hurts and hatreds. He said 'You've got to invite them in, or you pay-'..."

Again? "Silence!" The ring ceases. We shake our head. "We are sorry, the ring insists on playing that song. We will try to prevent it from interrupting again. We presume you were given information about Orange Lantern."

"I was. What would you prefer me to call you?"

"We had not considered that issue. We are happy to answer to the name of either of our constituent parts. Though.. if you wish to be formally correct, the name of the Entity is used as the host's title. The host of Ion puts aside their Green Lantern Corp designation, so perhaps we should as well."

"Can I call you Paul?"

We shrug. "As long as you understand that it is not completely accurate, yes."

"Well then Paul, the Justice League are concerned that we are in fact talking to a Demon that is possessing their student, and they've asked me to see whether this is true or not."

"We had surmised. We cannot check your credentials, but we doubt the League would have invited you if you were not what you appear to be."

"Do you have an objection to that?"

"Not in principle."

"Are there any questions you want to ask before I begin?"

"Why can we not see your desires?"

He takes his crucifix in his right hand and holds it up. "Members of my Order are issued with these. In addition to symbolising Christ's sacrifice, it-."

"Shields you."

"It's a little more complicated than that, but in essence, yes."

"Understood." Our eyes blaze with orange light and the core of the crucifix begins to glow blue/white in response. "We no longer share Orange Lantern's vulnerability to magic. And we do not like being separated from our element." The cross starts to blacken and char. We feel Batman start to move but Mattias hold up his left hand to stop him.

"Interesting. You may not be aware, but these days all Catholic priests are trained in identifying different forms of magic. A Demon wouldn't be able to affect a crucifix like this."

"Perhaps not directly, but a sufficiently intelligent one could find a work around. Or corrupt its manufacture."

"True. Do you intend to burn all the way through?"

"Yes. After what happened during the training session we have come to loathe the presence of people whose desires we cannot see."

"It's quite valuable."

"We will compensate you for your loss."

"I think I'd rather just take it off, since it bothers you so much."

We blink, and the glow fades. "That is acceptable."

He reaches up with both hands, and carefully lifts it over his head before handing it to Mister Zatara. And now we know him.

He wants to free our.. Orange Lantern, but this desire is receding, fading in prominence. Does he believe our statement that the Ophidian is not a Demon? Connected to this desire are memories and regrets, things he wants to have done differently. We see intoxicated children reading from a book they had no business possessing. He wants to be anywhere else as he nods to the armed police officer next to him, who raises his gun. He wants to help us, to understand us. We see him participate in the autopsy of.. we're not sure. It has the form of a man but appears to be made of parts of different men. We see a name. Gregori Arcane. We remember him from the comic.

Comic? We remember.. this is... this whole place..? That thought feels strange. We do not know why. Yes, he was Abigail Arcane's father, killed by accident in a mine field and repaired by Anton Arcane as best as he was able. He ended up fairly mindless. Presumably Father Mattias was involved in the investigation of Anton's first death. We would have suggested napalming the whole place instead.

"Is that better?"

"Yes. Thank you."

"Then I will begin." He reaches through the slit in the side of his cassock with his left hand. "I realise that it's a little old fashioned, but..." He pulls out a small glass vial. Holy water, presumably.

"The Ophidian is not a Demon." We hold out our right hand and pull the bottle towards us through the air. "Shall we tip it over our head? Drink it?"

He waves his right hand in dismissal. "No. A few drops on your hand will be proof enough."

"You realise that there is nothing to stop us shielding our hand. Or transmuting the water."

"Will you?"

"No." We take the vial in our hands and unscrew the lid. It seems to just be water, but our senses will not necessarily detect magic not relating to our element. We levitate the lid away and hold out our left hand, palm upwards, and sprinkle a little of the water onto it. No effect. We look at Father Mattias.

"How do I know you're not making a shield? Wouldn't it be a better test if you took your ring off?"

"If you prefer." We float the vial away and without altering the position of our left hand pull the ring off with our right and drop it on the floor. "It doesn't matter. With the Ophidian's power in us we no longer really need it." Hmm. Perhaps? We generate a construct knife from our right index finger and cut into our left palm. Blood mixes with the holy water and we hold our palm in his direction.

Mattias nods. "I suppose that's fairly conclusive. Of course, elemental possession-."

Our ring is surrounded in a green aura and lifts off the ground. No no no no no no no! We crush the will aura and turn on Lantern Jordan, staring him down, eyes brilliant, crouched and braced to charge. We will make him our toy for his impudence! "Ggrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!"

"Jordan." His eyes flick to Batman for a moment, who shakes his head with a small motion. Jordan tenses slightly, then lowers his head, turns and walks to the exit. We watch him go, calling the ring back to its rightful place on our left ring finger.

"'...ten times the cost'. Stop running away, 'cause nobody runs as fast as fear and loathing."

"Not the time."

"Paul?"

"Yes." Our eyes are still fixed on Jordan's back. We could take him. We could take his ring, his lantern.

"Would you mind looking at me?"

Jordan turns a corner, heading to the gymnasium. We stare after him a moment longer, then turn back to Father Mattias. Ah, yes. We rescrew the lid and float the vial back to Father Mattias, who catches it.

"Do you need a bandage?"

"We can heal ourself."

He nods. "Why don't you tell me, in your own words, how the two of you came together."

We're not sure about that. "Batman?"

"Father Mattias is cleared to hear about the training exercise. Don't mention any real names unless it is essential."

We nod. "Have you been shown our written report?"

"Yes. It seemed a little.. detached, though. In the cases of nondemonic possession I have studied, it is usual for incredibly intense emotion to be involved."

"The Ophidian is extremely intense emotion. Avarice. The emotional need for a thing. In the training scenario we became convinced... Orange Lantern became convinced that several members of his ingroup had been killed, and that the rest were fighting for their lives. His power was insufficient to protect them, so he asked for more."

"You knew this would happen?"

"He did not know exactly what would happen. He assumed that his mind would be permanently altered and his power increased. That the Ophidian would live in him, twist and deform him. This joining was not anticipated."

"That would seem more in character for a Demon than an Elemental. What does this.. Ophidian, get out of the arrangement?"

"Perspective. It is need, but its relentless pursuit of need led it to be trapped in a cave for millions of years. It does not know how to want one thing rather than another. Plus, it gained freedom from Okaara and the Orange Central Power Battery where it had been imprisoned. It wants new experiences."

"Did it assist you as you wanted?"

"Yes." He waits for us to continue, but that answer appears to be complete to us.

"From the description you gave, it would appear that when the Ophidian originally appeared, the joining had a rather different character to the one it has now."

We try to remember the event from the Ophidian's point of view. It is not easy. "The Ophidian did not know it was a telepathic illusion any more then Orange Lantern did. It found the situation puzzling. It could not feel the desires of the illusory people."

"But you weren't joined."

"No. We think.. subconsciously, Orange Lantern could hear it. And his avarice was reinforced. But our minds did not merge."

"From what Batman and your team mates said, you seemed fairly distraught after the illusion ended."

"Yes."

"Could you explain to me what you were feeling?"

We frown. "We hadn't really..." Why had we done that? We genuinely were a bit of a mess. "We wanted to protect our friends, but in fact the protection was unnecessary. We wanted something that wasn't really there."

"And you were possessed in the process."

"It was a shock for both of us."

"You seem to be alright now."

"We are."

"I understand that your colleague Miss Martian found the-."

"It was not her fault! It was our decision!"

"You recovered when you comforted her."

"Yes. She needs us. We like being needed."

"I don't think that is quite it. Let me explain to you how I see it."

"Oh, before I get started; how long has your ring been trying to play that song?"

We frown. "Since twenty one minutes after the training scenario ended."

"What is it about?"

"We are not sure how this is relevant."

"Humour me."

"The song concerns the teachings of the Buddhist sage, Milarepa. The essential argument is that rather than suppressing one's less noble aspect, one should accept and make peace with it."

"Does it have some relevance to you?"

"Orange Lantern knew that the orange light was dangerous when he started using it. He sought systems of thought which would help him use it without losing his mind. Buddhism was considered but ultimately rejected in favour of Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs."

"But the song, in particular."

"It has no relevance! It was an interesting piece of music. That is all."

He nods, and strokes his chin. "You are right to differentiate between Elementals and Demons. It is a distinction which some of my more conservative colleagues have yet to fully grasp. A Demon which takes a host will have almost complete control of their body, but the minds remain separate. The Demon may even be identified by its ignorance of their life. If it is banished, the host may be completely unaware of what it used them to do. What is interesting is what happens on those few occasions when the Demon -particularly if it is powerful- leaves voluntarily. When that happens, the taint of its evil may remain in the host, influencing their actions even without its active design."

We nod. "We remember hearing about a cab driver in London, a decent man who was used as a vessel for Nergal." Mattias crosses himself. "After the Demon left him, he assaulted his wife, picked a fight in a bar and nearly committed adultery, all quite contrary to his normal character."

"The taint can be purified. This cab driver..?" We nod. "Praise the Lord. The point I wish to make is, the presence of creatures of magic can alter a person's behaviour and character."

"We know this."

"You do? And you still don't know why the song is relevant?"

"It isn't!"

"When you were in the false world you wanted to help your friends and your world. To achieve that end you wanted the Ophidian, a creature that is want manifested, to join forces with you."

"Yes?"

"You wanted it, even knowing that it would most likely leave you unrecognisable in body and mind, if not soul."

"Yes."

"You wanted it more than you wanted to remain you."

We suppose we did. We feel.. pleased about that. "Yes."

"The two of you pursued your aim until the scenario reaches its conclusion, at which point... The whole thing is revealed as an illusion. Your initial justification, the very thing which made you want to do something that you would never do under normal circumstances, was revealed to be a response to a situation which never really existed."

We... That... FeelsWrongFeelsWrong...

"That was the real reason for your confusion. You might have accepted having your mind altered as the price of saving your friends, but just letting it have the run of your body? No, you wouldn't do that. Then, when Miss Martian started showing signs of distress?"

Nonononononono.

"You had something to want again."

We stumble to the left a step before righting ourself. We feel dizzy.

"As long as you want something, the elemental within you has a hold on you. Have you slept since the end of the training scenario?"

We shake our head. We feel unwell. There's something, something...

"You have the power of a pagan god and you spent the morning making ice cream. Paul, is that gain proportionate to what you gave up? Would you make the decision that you made in the training scenario if all that was at stake was ice cream?"

"He likes the ice cream!"

"Stop pushing away, you're just making it worse."

"No! We won't! Treacherous ring!"

"The Ophidian is altering the way you think in order to make you unwilling to get rid of it. You don't need it, Paul. It isn't part of you."

We're.. I'm... We're on our knees, clutching our head again. "Grahhh!"

"It may not even be doing it intentionally. It may be that its very presence is causing every desire you feel to be as important to you as the lives of your friends. Or it may be that that is simply how it sees the universe, the people in it mere collections of needs."

"Stop putting it off, 'cause it'll be back again in different clothing."

"I think you -the real you, within you- realises this. And I think your ring does as well. It's playing the song to try to remind you."

He's just in front of us. We can't look we can't look up. "Breathing, food, water, sex, sleep, homeostasis, excretion."

"There is so much more to life than avarice."

"Self-esteem, confidence, achievement, respect."

"You are stronger than this. You do not truly want this."

We feel our lips turn in a sneer, hate we don't feel burning from our eyes. We/I look up into his face.

"But. We. Still. WANT."

Father Mattias' face falls. He takes a step back, then his resolve hardens. "You will not have this one, creature." He jabs his right index finger at our forehead. "You will not have this one. We will find a way to remove you. I will find a way."

We.. we were... Worried about something? Why are we feeling shaky? We get to our feet. No, everything's fine. We take a moment to compose our thoughts. "We admit, we are a little disappointed. No Latin chanting? No censers of incense? No being compelled by the power of Christ?"

"Elementals require a different approach. Do you remember why you were on the floor?"

We think for a moment, then shake our head. "Was it important?"

"Yes, but you shouldn't worry about it. Not yet. I will need to do some research before we meet again."

"As you wish. You may wish to consider speaking to John Constantine. He has an eclectic knowledge of magic phenomena."

"Thank you. I have not heard of this.. John Constantine?"

"Ask Mister Zatara. He's been wanting to strangle him continuously since at least the end of the training session. Probably longer, if we're any judge."

He looks at Mister Zatara for a moment, who winces slightly and looks down for a moment. "I may do that. Thank you for your help."

We shrug as he and Mister Zatara turn and walk back to the zeta tube. "You're welcome."

"Just pop the clutch and go into reverse."

19th October
10:19 GMT -5

"Paul, what are you doing?"

We turn away from our construct to smile at Diana. Her hands are on her hips but she looks more amused than annoyed.

"The Justice League has over half a million phone calls from concerned New Yorkers, to say nothing of all the complaints about there being no chicken's eggs for sale anywhere in the city."

We turn our attention back to our mixing bowl construct. "Not just in the city. We doubt that there are any eggs left in north America."

"And why is that?"

"Wallace reminded us that we should have baked our Christmas Cake a month ago. We thought that we should make an immediate start."

She nods. "Yes, I can see that you've done that. I'm just not sure how you went from wanting to bake a cake to mixing a cake in a giant orange mixing bowl four miles in diameter in the sky over New York city."

We blink. Isn't it obvious? "We doubt that even Wallace could eat this much cake."

"So why bake it?"

"Because no one has before. Also, Lantern Gardner observed that Orange Lantern's ability to create extremely large constructs was lacking." We look over to the west as the two thousand bags of plain flour we took from the main Pennsylvania ShopRite warehouse finally arrive. "We think that we can now safely lay his concerns to rest." We deploy them across the bowl before disintegrating their bags. No, not nearly enough. We still need more.

"What about everyone else who wants to eat the food you're taking?"

"What about them?"

"Paul..."

"The ingredients we are using were available for sale. It was not our intent to defraud anyone, we simply purchased them before anyone else. We do not see anything inherently unreasonable about this."

"How are you planning on cooking it?"

"Though it is hardly ideal, we will have to use microwaves for the majority of the cooking process. And some directed heat to create the outer crust. We had considered running metal rods down into the cake structure and heating it that way, but we were concerned about the potential for localised overcooking."

"That.. makes sense." She doesn't sound too convinced. "But who is going to eat it?"

"Everyone! We calculate that with this volume of cake we can give everyone in New York city a piece. Not a wedge shaped piece. We haven't been able to work out a way to do that." We run a few more slicing simulations through our head. We could just about do it, but there would be an unacceptable oddly shaped cake volume left over.

"And where are you going to store it?"

"We have created an artificial chamber below the Swiss Alps. Once we altered the structure of the surrounding rock we were able to create a space that could both keep water off the cake and keep the cake itself cool."

"Why... She seems lost for words. "Why Switzerland?"

"We could hardly keep it at Happy Harbour. Quite aside from space considerations Batman forbade us from bringing alcohol into the cave. We did consider near Earth space, but we are not aware of anyone having tried that and were concerned that there might be unexpected side effects, particularly relating to the lack of pressure."

"Alright, but why are you mixing it in the sky over the city?"

"We thought that the inhabitants might find it entertaining." We frown. "Should we have done it lower so that people could see what is happening in more detail? We thought that allowing it to be viewed by a greater number of people was more important, but there's no reason why we couldn't reshape the bowl and move it to Central Par-."

"No!" She holds up her right hand. "No. Leave it here." We nod. She rubs her brow with her left hand. "How much longer is this going to take?"

"Is there a problem?"

"It's a.. a little unusual."

"We estimate seven hours. If that is a problem we can accelerate the process, but that would involve a greater amount of visible orange light."

"If you accelerated it?"

"Perhaps two hours, including cooking time."

She thinks for a moment, looking at the city below us. With our augmented vision we can pick out individual people stopping what they were doing to gaze upon our work. We like this feeling. "I think it would be best if you did that."

"Very well." We close our eyes and reach out to all flour, eggs, butter and treacle in the world and calculate what of it is most easy to reach. Diana seems to be worried about one area being left without... Should we spread the extraction more broadly? Yes, that should be easy enough. Orange streamers radiate out in all directions as we call them to us, leaving platinum coins in their place. Combined with the fruit we gathered Sunday night, soaked in brandy and then deposited in our subspace pocket, the mixing bowl construct is starting to fill. Obviously with a bowl this size a whisk construct would be far too inefficient so we've settled for forcing an even consistency using our ring. Wouldn't want any of the eventual eaters to feel hard done by where sultanas are concerned. "Incidentally-" We look across the bowl as more treacle and brown sugar arrive. "-we have finally finished removing debris from near Earth orbit. We also took the liberty of deactivating seventeen armed satellites which we believe contravene the Outer Space Treaty, and have marked for review one hundred and fifteen others which we feel may violate international law."

"That's.. good. Paul, can I talk to you about something not related to your giant cake?"

"Of course, Diana. You can talk to us about anything."

She looks to the side for a moment, and brushes her hair out of her face with her left hand. Oh, how inconsiderate of us! We create a windbreak.

"No. Not to 'us'. Just to Paul."

"We're sorry, but that isn't possible. He no longer has a separate existence."

"You know I don't accept that."

"Yes."

"And that doesn't bother you?"

"We know you are motivated by your desire for our... for his wellbeing. We actually find it reassuring."

"You understand that we're going to try and separate you."

"We do not believe that is possible with the technology at your disposal. And given how the Guardians gutted the Watchtower before handing it over we doubt that they will be willing to supply you." We float over to hover just in front of her. "But you are free to make the attempt. We will not be offended."

"Alright. When you finished removing space debris, why did you think it appropriate to turn the moon around at the same time?"

Oh. That. "We felt it unfair that the dark side was seldom seen by anyone. Since the mass remained in place the effect on the Earth should be negligible."

"And you were sure you could do that safely?"

"Yes? It wasn't hard." She stares at us for a moment. "We can put it back if you don't like it."

"That.. would.. probably be for the best."

"Very well." We look up into the sky where the moon is just visible. Diana follows our gaze as it begins to visibly rotate.

"Hera." She blinks heavily and shakes her head slightly as if to snap herself out of a daze. "Paul? Kon wants you back as well."

"We... We had..." Something is different, there. We feel possessive of him, but... Didn't we used to feel something else? Something... The Ophidian never knew him, the feeling must have come from Orange Lantern.

Why can't we remember what it was?

"We regret that he will be disappointed as well." We shrug. "Kon is important to us, but that does not change the simple fact that this bond is undissolvable. Now, do you have any thoughts concerning icing?"

21st October
17:47 GMT -5

Though we could just transition directly into the dining area, we have been told that it is more polite to walk from a little distance away so that our team mates can finish any truly private conversations before we arrive. We are not sure that this applies given that we hear everything they say anyway, but perhaps they don't realise that? After Wallace prohibited us from observing him in the toilet we are loathed to inform them of our new habit in case they make a similar prohibition.

"...nn's still on Oa. The Guardian's are trying to work out what... What you-know-who did to him."

We close our eyes for a moment and feel Manhunter's position through the brand. Still in the Green Lantern Corps' hospital. A Guardian stands at his bedside with his hands stretched over the sigil. Their eyes widen as we stare at them, then they raise a shield of will around the bed. Ineffectual. Hmm. We don't know exactly how we branded him. We think it was when the Ophidian bit his corpse during the exercise. Presumably we could do that with someone else but it seems like an unnecessary effort.

"Is he hurt?"

We stand outside the door. Kon's voice... There's something.. important..? Wasn't there? We're not sure anymore.

"He says he isn't, but it's preventing him from shapeshifting. I think he blames himself for what happened to-."

We push through the door and their heads jerk up. Kon and M'gann are sitting at the table with a couple of textbooks and notepaper between them. Kon's at the table's head and M'gann is to his left, facing us. Her grip on Kon's hand tightens. We smile at them.

"Guess what we've found!"

M'gann looks unhappy again, and glances at Kon. We don't know what to do about that. We do have a pack of Chocos in our subspace pocket... We have no desire to render her an addict, though we are uncertain as to how that could happen. Maybe we should leave a single biscuit in every household on Mars and see what happens?

Kon looks downcast as well. "What?"

Hopefully this news will cause him to brighten up. "Ninjas!"

He blinks. "What ninjas?"

"After Orange Lantern attacked Infinity Island, you said that the next time he went after ninjas, you wanted in. We found ninjas!"

"What.. kind of ninjas?"

"Looks like the rest of the League of Shadows. Ra's, Sensei, several others with outstanding warrants. We even found a new Lazarus Pit!"

"I.. though you couldn't scan for them because of that scrying ward."

"Ah! Funny story. You remember Babylon Five? The television series from Orange Lantern's home universe?" They look at each other, puzzled. We are going somewhere with this. "There was a species in that whose starships couldn't be detected using gravity or radio waves. Most races that fought them had to close to point blank range and manually target them to hit them with their main guns. We read a story later in which Humans were at war with them. In that they found two ways around the technology. Firstly, telepathic scans were unaffected. With the right equipment and training a telepath could detect the location of their ships and relay that information to their own fleet. The second was optics. The enemy ships still reflected light, so when they fought the Human fleet fired thousands of observation drones into their enemy's most probable vector and used that information to aim."

"Okaaay. And?"

"We did the same thing! We couldn't scan for them normally, but by putting light sensitive constructs everywhere we have been able to detect his location."

Kon thinks for a moment. "You mean like spy satellites?"

"No." We shake our head. "That would only work if they were on the surface. Their base is actually built into a mountain in the Himalayas, we had to look everywhere to find it."

"Well, yeah... Himalayas are pretty big."

"No, we mean we looked everywhere." We wave our left hand and our eyes appear, eyeballs with an optic nerve trailing out of the back, becoming finer and finer until it joins the filament network. Though they still give off some orange light we can make lines so fine that they are effectively invisible. There are thirty in this room alone, staring in all directions. M'gann gasps and shrinks back against her chair. As she does so the eye over the table identifies her as a point of interest and lowers itself to stare directly into her face from about ten centimetres away.

"AH!"

A telekinetic blast destroys the eye, but it reforms two seconds later. I tell it to keep its distance a little this time. Hm, can we hear running feet? Kon doesn't look much happier than M'gann does.

"You've got these.. things everywhere?!"

We nod. "Everywhere except the Batcave and any toilet Wallace is in. Which is a little inconvenient, because-."

Kaldur runs in through the far door, Water Bearers drawn with machete blades projecting from the tops. The closest three eyes orientate on him and he instinctively-

"Raawah!"

-slashes at them before taking in the room. M'gann looks concerned. "Kaldur, what's wrong?"

He stares directly at us, swords in a guard position. "What are you doing?"

Kon looks from him to me and then back again. "What happened?"

"We were demonstrating our observation construct. Is something wrong?"

"They are everywhere."

"Yes?"

"Throughout the cave. In Happy Harbor. The sky itself is full of orange construct-eyes."

"And local space, and the sea too." They stare. "We did say 'everywhere'." They stare some more. "Should we remove them? They've been there for at least a day, but now that we've found our target-."

"Remove them at once."

We shrug. He's the boss. We make a circling motion with our right hand and the eyes across the world fade. He lowers his blades slightly.

"Why were you observing the entire world?"

Oh! That's right! He'll like this too! "We wanted to track down the remnants of the League of Shadows."

"Were you successful?"

"Yes! If we leave now we can have Ra's in custody within an hour." We generate a cut away construct of the facility. Not all of those inside are Shadows, there seem to be monks of some kind. With alien physiology? They could just be metahumans... No. There're definitely nonhuman genetic elements and extraterrestrial materials and technology. Could that be the place that Prometheus got trained in? We haven't found him here but that might just mean that he isn't active yet.

Kaldur considers our suggestion. "Show me the full schematics of their base." We create an exploded view, separating levels and magnifying. He examines it, then shakes his head. "Alien human hybrid monks? Alien technology of a species never before encountered? Even if Ra's al Ghul were not present himself, those two factors indicate that this is a mission for the League, not for our team."

"But we can do it! Even if it was just the four of us, we can-!"

"You are not cleared for missions for as long as you remain possessed. And I do not believe that the rest of the team is in a fit state to carry out a mission like this, even if we had authorisation. Which we do not."

"But we-."

"You just covered the world in glowing orange eyes. Surely you can understand that your judgement is suspect."

We shuffle where we stand, our head twitching from side to side. Not right not right not right. Kon wanted ninjas!

"I think... Paul, I think Kaldur's right. I just don't.. feel like taking on ninjas right now."

Oh. Well. There goes that idea. "Okay. We'll. We'll send this data to the League."

Kaldur puts his right hand on our arm as we go to walk past him.

"It is still useful information, and it will be a major victory when the League acts on it. It is simply.. not our role to do so."

We're trying to help trying to help. Why don't they want our help?

22nd October
16:14 GMT -5

You can get normal sport arrows for about two dollars apiece. The point arrows which Artemis, Green Arrow and Red Arrow use cost a little more than that, but not much. The explosive headed arrows are more like twenty dollars each for the low yield ones, and they certainly aren't reusable. The more complex ones... Some of them cost in the region of five hundred dollars a shot. There's no way Artemis can fund herself.

We had a look at Mister Queen's finances. He was removed as CEO from Queen Industries by his own board due to -more or less- not doing the job of running it, preferring to spend his time as a superhero. Or just goofing off. Mister Wayne might be able to get away with that behaviour with Lucius Fox at the helm but Mister Queen's second -a man named John Deleon- had no such brand loyalty. To be fair, it literally wasn't his job to carry Mister Queen. Maximising shareholder value was, and as the new CEO he's done that rather well. Does Mister Queen understand this, or does he see Mister Deleon as a traitor out to improve his own standing no matter the cost to anyone else? We think the latter is more likely, but one man does not a revolution make. He might have encouraged the ill feeling among the shareholders and members of the board but he didn't cause it to be there in the first place.

In any case, the profits from his investments can keep him in arrows but Artemis isn't in that position. Unlike Red Arrow she can't go independent. And we want to fix that.

It came to us when we were in Kahndaq earlier today, looking for the Thanagarian spacecraft which was once in the possession of Prince Khufu. When we asked Adom about it he said that he was surprised that we knew of it. His friend showed it to him once and he was willing to tell me where that happened, but he said that he had no idea where it would be now if it even survived the intervening millennia. Does that mean that there is a reincarnating version of Hawkman around as well as the alien police officer version? We haven't seen any sign, but we didn't really follow their history back home. Anyway, the ship wasn't there but we were able to locate a minute sample of Nth metal and we have big plans for it.

Adom's English has gotten a good deal better since Orange Lantern first liberated him. He's starting to read up on recent history and tried to get our opinion on Kahndaq's nineteenth and twentieth century. Quite a bit like Egypt from Orange Lantern's home parallel combined with more than a little Iraq and North Korea, a pattern the Ophidian remembers repeating in millions of polities of all sizes. We didn't have anything to add to his growing disbelief at man's casual inhumanity to man. And his anger. He seems to be heading in the direction which Orange Lantern intended, but we suggested that he talk through his concerns with Diana. We're sure that she has a better idea of the political realities than we do.

Artemis is sitting on the top of Mount Justice, looking out across the bay. We remember that this was where Robin discovered Orange Lantern's name after the fight with Mister Twister. A place to go to isolate oneself, and we certainly don't want that. Dimming our aura we float up to her. As we enter her field of vision she glances at us before turning away. We land a short distance to her right.

"What do you want?"

"We have a proposal for you."

"I'm not interested in talking to the snake."

"We.. can.. leave you alone. Ifff it affects your decision, this is something Orange Lantern was planning to deal with at some point. We have simply prioritised it."

She says nothing for a moment. "Fine, what do you want?"

"It has occurred to us that your resource expenditure per encounter is greater than that of any of our other team mates."

She screws up her face as she turns her head to look at us. "What?"

"Arrows cost money. Constructs don't. Punches and magic don't. Shapeshifting and telepathy don't. Wallace spends an unusual amount of money on calorie rich foodstuffs but we calculate that the cost to him per encounter is still-."

"Really. Really!" She leaps to her feet and storms over to us. We smile inwardly. After the sadness tinged doldrums everyone else has been affected by her anger is refreshing. "That's the best you could come up with! Trying to BUY ME OFF!"

"We're simply trying to be practical. You have expenses. At present Green Arrow meets them, and Orange Lantern chipped in with those Arrows of Unmaking. But if you wanted to operate independently you need some way to pay for it."

"I'm not going to abandon Paul just because-."

"It was his idea! The Ophidian would just give you a pile of money, but we realise that your pride would not accept that."

"What, then?"

"An expense account. You could claim back the cost of professional equipment by presenting receipts." She simmers down a little. Will she consider it? We want her to. Diana's being noncommittal about talking to Io for us, so our next step is talking to Io ourself. Leaving a note where she will find it, anyway. We don't want to intrude on Themiscyra uninvited. "That is hardly an unusual practice. Many businesses allow employees to reclaim costs incurred in the performance of their duties. If it makes you happier we will not even administer it ourself."

"How would you even open a bank account? If Paul didn't have a passport you certainly don't."

"We could fund the account while a League member controls it. Failing that, we have an arrangement with the US Treasury. We do not believe there will be any difficulty." She doesn't immediately reply. "The account will be open to expense costs of all team members. It is not our intent to single you out."

"Can you really afford that after that huge cake you made?"

We nod. "That did consume most of our cash assets. We had been planning to acquire more."

"How?"

"Orange Lantern was capable of small scale transmutation. We are capable of altering vast amounts of matter, but do not do so in order to avoid harming the world commodity market. We plan to continue mining asteroids, though we imagine that the process will be considerably quicker now."

"And.. Paul was going to do this anyway?"

"He was focused on encouraging you to accept augmentation, and did not feel that pushing you on two fronts would be productive. He was considering creating it anonymously. We... We seem to be having trouble relating to our friends at the moment. We do not..." We shake our head. "We do not understand why. We want you to know that we're on your side."

She's still facing us, but her eyes are looking out to sea. "Fine."

"We can help?"

She sighs. "Yeah. I mean, you're right. Someone's got to pay for this, and if Paul was going to sort something out anyway..."

"Would you like to watch?"

"Watch you break up an asteroid?" We nod excitedly. "Um, okay. I've never been-." And then she throws herself backwards onto the ground, panting, staring up in terror at the sky.

What?

"We thought it would be more convenient to bring the asteroid here. This rock has more than enough precious metal for our purposes." We've suspended it ten metres above the peak of Mount Justice. It's about eight hundred metres long and maybe sixty across at its widest point, rotating slowly on its axis. Why is she concerned? "Don't worry, no one was using it. We don't even think it had been investigated by robot probe." We hold out our hands and begin the disintegration process while sending an e-mail to our contact at the Treasury. "Do you have a preference for the account signatory? Green Arrow has an appropriate business background but we are uncertain that he will be sufficiently diligent."

"You... You... Rock..."

"Thank you. We like to think that we do as well, but it is nice to have it confirmed." We frown. "Do you have any use for seventy thousand tonnes of silica?"

23rd October
16:42 GMT -5

We didn't actually know this room existed. No, that isn't quite right. We knew it was here, we just never had anything to do with it so didn't integrate that knowledge. We're sitting on the left of a two seater green settee opposite Black Canary. She's sitting on a matching green armchair about a metre and a half in front of us. We were half expecting Father Mattias to be here. He's been hanging around a fair bit this week, but, no. Just her.

"I.. see you put the moon back."

Our team mates are currently moping in the living area. We have tried to cheer them up, but nothing we do seems to work. "Diana asked us to. We turned it around on a whim. We saw no reason to refuse. May we ask if Ra's al Ghul is in custody?"

She shakes her head. "By the time we managed to get that far into the monastery he had already escaped."

"We suggest searching for any residue that might be associated with phantom zone portals."

"What.. makes.. you say that?"

"We are familiar with the technology of thousands of different races. Since our direct input is not required we will content ourself with shouting from the sidelines."

"How is that..? How does your bond with the Ophidian work, exactly?"

"We are one being. We have the knowledge and experience of both, though..."

"What is it?"

"We have noticed.. some things feel a little... We're not really sure. As if... When you cannot remember a particular word; you know it exists but cannot remember what it was."

"Can you give me an example?"

We lean back. "How we feel about Kon. To the Ophidian he would not matter at all while to Orange Lantern he was extremely important. We should retain the full extent of that feeling and the intensity is certainly there, but... We think its character is different now."

"Different how?"

We shrug. "We're not sure. We have forgotten the word."

She nods. "Have you felt like that since the training exercise?"

We nod. "We think so. If we do not concentrate on it we do not notice it."

"You were extremely affectionate to Conner when the exercise finished."

"We were relieved that he was not dead. That would have involved a great deal of work, even as we are now."

"You.. how were you planning..?"

"Assimilate Ra's al Ghul, batch produce Lazarus Pits. The League now has two of those, does it not? How is the research going?"

"I.. don't know."

"They resurrect the dead. Do you not think it is worth prioritising?"

"The League doesn't really do that sort of research and development, and STAR Labs doesn't-."

"Are you familiar with the computer game 'X-COM'?"

She looks a little confused for a moment. "No, I can't say that I am."

"It's really quite good fun. On one hand you have a turn based squad combat game, but at the same time you have to capture aliens and alien artefacts and research them. As the game progresses the level of opposition you face steadily increases and if your research has fallen behind... You lose. You lose however highly skilled your soldiers are. They just don't have the equipment necessary to deal with the situation."

"And you think that the League is in the same position?"

"Yes. We approve of your work with STAR Labs, but they are unequal to the task and -as you pointed out- cannot work with magic. Take the Gamma Gong, for example. Paralysis with no side effects at all. Very nearly the ultimate low lethality weapon. We can well understand not wanting to risk the only example you have in the field, but can you imagine the advantage you would have if League members carried devices like that as standard?"

"That isn't really what the League does."

"True. But do you think it should be? Leveraging all of your advantages-."

"Like you did with Robin and Artemis?"

"Yes! Well, perhaps not quite like that. More controlled. We were prioritising their survivability above other factors."

"You like helping your team mates, don't you?"

"Of course. We... Orange Lantern had been discussing the possibility of augmentation with Artemis for several weeks." We frown. "When we were in the scenario, she asked us if Robin might have survived our first encounter with the aliens if we had enhanced him."

"Do you think he would?"

"At the time, he didn't know. Having reviewed the fight since, we believe so."

"J'onn told me about how the aliens' main guns worked. The -Danner?- formula wouldn't have made him immune to it."

"He was already moving when the fighter fired. Had he been stronger he would most likely have been able to evade more quickly. Had he been faster-."

"You can't blame yourself for him not having super speed."

"Yes we can! Orange Lantern had the ability to give him super speed for over a month! He couldn't-! He couldn't block the zeta cannon thing, but he was behind most research carried out here. He could have been more insistent, should have done more for his squishy team mates."

"Squishy?" She smiles slightly, then stops when we don't share it. "I'm not sure they'd appreciate being called that. Come to think of it I'm not sure I do."

We shrug. "We are sorry, we are not sure if it would be safe to augment a metahuman using the substances currently at our disposal. If you would like to provide a blood sample-."

She holds up her right hand in a stilling gesture. "That wasn't what I meant. It sounds a bit dismissive."

"We suppose it is. Orange Lantern has long wanted to augment the whole of our species and these formulae have no downside. There is no reason not to use them if you can."

"Then why were you so determined that Artemis should use one and not Robin?"

"Robin has many other skills, ones not directly related to combat. So far as we know, Artemis doesn't."

"You don't think that she can pull her weight?"

"We want her to be sure that she can pull her weight. She wants very much to be someone who belongs on a team like this and we do not think that disguising the power disparity between us would be appropriate. We would rather simply fix it by raising her to our level."

"You can't be responsible for everything that the other members of the team do."

We smile. "You're wrong. That is the beauty of this joining. We are now fully capable of doing just that."

She blinks at us.

"We can track their every movement, the actions of every part of their bodies. We don't wish to crowd them of course. The point of the augmentations was to ensure that they could manage without us but if we had to step in-."

"And what do they think about this?"

"We don't..." We toss our head. "Our friends have gotten worse since the training session. Listless. Passive. I brought the location of Ra's al Ghul to Kaldur first and he insisted I hand it over to the League."

"Kaldur was right to do that."

We stare through the walls at the kitchen. Artemis hasn't arrived yet, but the others are moping in there. "He was acting in accordance with the team's official rules of engagement, yes. But we didn't do that when we went after Morrow and we were instrumental in preventing a supervolcano eruption." We look at the floor for a moment. "M'gann can barely stand to be in the same room as us now. And we don't know how to do anything about it."

"What exactly did you do to Martian Manhunter?"

"Branded him." We come forwards in our seat. "We don't really understand the process."

"Neither of you..?"

"The Ophidian doesn't usually stop at marking people in that way." We tap the sigil on our forehead with out right index finger. "Hosts get this. Everyone else who opposed it got turned into a construct or killed."

"Can you remove it?"

We smirk. "Could the Green Men not work it out?"

"The.. Guardians..?"

"The Ophidian didn't know their name for themselves when it first met them. It called them the Green Men due to their connection with the green light of will. It didn't like them."

"I asked you."

"We don't know." We shrug. "We could try removing it, but we don't want to risk turning him into a construct."

"How did you put it there?"

"We don't know. We're not even sure when it happened. Nothing like this has ever happened to us before."

"What does it do?"

"Ties him to the orange light. We know where-." Wallace moved where's Wallace where's Wallace!

"What is it?"

We see him and calm ourself. "We cannot track Wallace when he moves at full speed. He ran from the kitchen to greet Artemis as she entered the cave. He is now awkwardly attempting small talk. How is she managing with the strength increase?"

"Why don't you ask her yourself?"

"We.. tried. She no longer enjoys talking to us. She refers to us as if we were only the Ophidian."

"You can't be too surprised. Surely you realised that she'd be annoyed that you changed her body without her permission. And nearly dropping an asteroid on her didn't help."

We didn't..! "We know... Orange Lantern wanted her permission in order to avoid that. When the training scenario ended and she was no longer dead we were more concerned with her continued survival than her high regard."

"Is it really irreversible?"

"We believe so. We could create a clone of her body and transplant her brain across, but then brain tissues would still be affected and we aren't sure what the result would be. Would she.. want that?" The idea hurts. That rejection. We're only trying to help.

"I don't think we're at that stage yet. She's.. adapting. Green Arrow was shocked the first time he saw her leap across the street eight stories up without using a zip line."

"She isn't using a power suppression collar?"

"No, not when she was with us."

We smile.

"She's still pretty upset with you."

"We know. We will work at it."

She shuffles in her seat. "I know one way to make her a lot happier about the whole situation."

"Tell us."

"Get rid of the Ophidian."

This again. "We.. can't."

"Can't or don't want to?"

"Both? Whenever we think about it we see ourselves trapped in the Orange Central Power Battery, or in the Hall of Justice with all of our friends dead and ourselves soon to follow. Merged as we are, we no longer have to fear either eventuality."

"Can I.. speak to the Ophidian?"

"You are."

"Then why do you look like Paul, Orange Lantern of Space Sector two eight one four?"

"You want..." We frown as we think about it. There's no real reason not to, we suppose. It just... We close our eyes and tilt our head back. And then we open them again as our Snake body replaces our Human flesh and our coils shimmer into existence around the edges of the room. We hold our head over our former seat as we regard our instructor. The universe looks different when viewed through these inhuman eyes. We can still comprehend matter, but we taste more strongly the emotions associated with them. Canary seems to be a mix of indigo, green and yellow. There's a.. vibration in the air? Speech! It's hard to focus on like this. Perhaps if we.. focus on the emotional content?

"...in there? Paul, can you hear me?"

Awareness.

The pattern of lights change. We think we reassured her. What does she want? We see.. oh. A bit obvious. We reach out through the orange light to the pattern of desires we recognise as belonging to Mister Queen and provide stimulation. We feel him respond. He won't realise that anything's amiss, but he'll have a bunch of flowers waiting for her when she finishes here.

"Okay, so it's definitely the Ophidian. Paul, you can come back now."

She still doesn't understand. We stretch our head forwards, flicking our tongue, tasting her soul. It reminds us of Jade's. The same desire for affirmation and challenge, but nurtured and cultivated rather than forcing its way up through cracked paving slabs.

We know her.

Our Snake form coalesces into a Human outline and our flesh body reappears on the settee. "What else would it have been?"

"It might... We weren't sure if the Ophidian was literally within you or you were just being.. affected, by your contact with it."

"We might just have been generating a construct."

"That wouldn't have caused your body to disappear."

"True. Now, we have a question for you. Who is taking over M'gann's telepathy training?"

"J'onn is-."

"No. If this debacle has proven anything it is that his abilities as a teacher are sadly deficient. M'gann needs a competent teacher."

"Do you blame him for what happened to you?"

"Yes. To Orange Lantern and to our team mates. The Ophidian.. objected less."

"That seems a little harsh. He was as much in danger as the rest of you."

"He failed to assess the strength of M'gann's telepathic abilities in advance of the scenario. He did not investigate the effect of telepathic effects on power rings, despite working with two Green Lanterns for several years. He did not ask Orange Lantern about specific risk factors relating to the orange light. He decided to use a high stress scenario for our first use of that training technique instead of starting with something more basic. And when he entered, he was overwhelmed by our emotional response to the situation. Do Martians not study lucid dreaming? Self hypnosis? Why did he not bring in another telepath to oversee his attempts to liberate us? Why did he not use a psi-baffle or inhibitor collar on M'gann from outside? A catalogue of errors." We make a dismissive gesture with our right hand and shake our head. "He may be a highly effective police officer but he has demonstrated himself as an inadequate teacher."

"That..." Her eyes drop to the floor for a moment. "I... Some of that may be reasonable-."

"It is all both reasonable and accurate. We understand ingroup loyalty but that does not get M'gann the instruction she needs."

"That isn't... Is this why you branded him?"

"In the scenario, when he killed M'gann, Orange Lantern shot him in the head and the Ophidian bit him through his chest. The brand is in the location which the Ophidian's fangs penetrated. Why did he even think that was a sensible way to break us out?"

"Is that why you feel angry at him?"

"We.. we don't think we feel anger anymore. At best, we feel frustrated that M'gann does not have something she should have. The..." We wave our hands in an approximate circle. "The universe is the wrong shape."

"Okaay, who would you suggest? It would take months at best for another Martian-."

"Henry King Junior."

Her mouth opens and closes. "I'm.. not sure who that is."

We generate a construct in his likeness. "Brainwave Two. He was a member of Infinity Incorporated and is the only Human telepath I would recommend. Alternately, we could simply assimilate Doctor Cizko."

"I don't think-."

We shrug. "He has killed many people, and by all accounts is quite skilled in his chosen field. The only downside as we see it is that we would have to put up with him for the rest of eternity."

"You're talking about murder."

"The murder of a very bad man in whom we have no investment. He will be dead in a few decades anyway, he may as well make himself useful."

"That doesn't sound like something Paul would say."

"No, he wouldn't say it. He wanted to fit in here. We are more ruthless. The Ophidian is old, Black Canary. Millions of years -perhaps billions- of existing in harmony with the avarice of all living things. Orange Lantern was concerned about the effect of repeat offending supervillains on the stability of civilisation if more permanent solutions were not employed. The Ophidian knows what the effect would be. It has seen it all before." She takes a breath. "But we know we will not convince you. If Henry King is not to your liking, perhaps you would consider Chester Black." Another construct. "He is a good deal more vicious, but he has telekinesis in addition to telepathy which better matches M'gann's skill set."

"I... I'd have to talk with J'onn-."

"No!" We feel our Snake body manifest behind our Human flesh. "He is not what M'gann needs!" We float from our feet, aura crackling. "You are supposed to be in charge of our training. You will get someone appropriate!"

"Paul, calm down."

"Why are we even talking to you?"

She tries to stare us down. It isn't working. "The League felt that it might help if the team had someone to talk-."

"Counselling? From you? Guy Gardner is trained as a counsellor with several years experience working in criminal rehabilitation. You're a florist!" She blinks. Did Batman and Diana not share knowledge of our knowledge with the rest of the League? "Could the League really find no one with relevant skills? Even that priest would have been-."

"Paul, you need to sit down."

"We are not compelled to obey you." We drop to our feet, snake body receding. "This time is a sunk cost. We will not waste any more."

"P-."

Zeta transfer.

"Recognised, Ophidian."

We pace across the flat area of the hangar. Though we still need a base station at the journey terminus, transporting ourself by zeta beam is now simple for us. Back in the room we just left we see Black Canary sag a little before getting up and walking over to the intercom. Calling in whoever's next on the list?

What did we even hope to achieve by talking to her? Where is Guy anyway? An opportunity like this, we would have expected him to be all over it like fake tan on a chav. New York, talking to Alan. Odd. Jordan? California? Stewart? He's actually in Happy Harbour. Odder still. We would have thought that he'd at least visit if he were in the area. No, unimportant.

We need to do something to make the team happier but we're having trouble coming up with anything. Oh, we have ideas -we gave M'gann a DVD version of Hello Megan! earlier this week, detail and colouration enhanced to modern standards- but nothing which we feel is large enough. Nothing which compares to our healing of Paula and Mister Grayson. We yearn to just go and talk to them, but that does not appear to help.

We step out over the water and float over to the middle of it, crossing our legs. The bioship isn't here. That's a bit odd. Has M'gann taken it somewhere? Maybe that'll do her good. Closing our eyes, we feel the structures in the rock around us. A mountain is a fairly resilient object, but we can do better. We reach inside, transmuting granite to more sophisticated substances, designed to both resist and absorb force. No, that isn't it either. Quartz crystals form in the shape of the scrying wards. We may not be able to power them ourself but they should gradually draw power from local geomantic systems. Useful, but not what is required. Eyes still closed we raise our cupped hands in front of us and take our Nth metal sample out of our subspace pocket. The Ophidian doesn't remember encountering it before. Certainly we haven't felt any naturally occurring ore similar to it in this system. Even with this sample we do not seem able to remotely detect more of it, even knowing where it is. Puzzling.

Scans of the Hawks are much more informative. It isn't just their weapons which use the stuff, there are traces of it throughout their bodies, most noticeably at nodes surrounded by dense clusters of nerves. Something like element zero nodes which biotics possess in Mass Effect. We don't currently understand exactly how it works, but presumably it explains how a winged humanoid can fly.

Could it work on a humanoid without wings?

We briefly considered attempting to integrate Miss Ervin's flight aura with Kon, but discovered that rather than being a 'Bang Baby' as Orange Lantern had assumed her kinetic energy manipulation ability is actually granted by her Collective technology belt. We have scanned and copied it but we feel that Kon would consider that.. unsatisfactory. Not to mention fragile. No, finding a way to connect his own strong gravitational manipulation abilities with the mass warping effects of Nth metal would be far more useful. And the ability to synthesise it could improve the armour of everyone else. We've seen Batman's file on Hawkman's armour and it's much better than anything commercially available. But they won't share the technology so we'll have to do this the hard way.

Which, with the Ophidian's experience and power, should be a good deal less hard than it might have been.

In the novel 'The Last Continent' the wizzard Rincewind remarks that there are times for mindless, terror-filled panic, and times that called for measured, considered, thoughtful panic. In a similar way, there are times which call for giant unstoppable avarice constructs to smash aside all resistance, and times for careful patient exploration to ensure that the avaricious impetus doesn't result in the object of one's desire being destroyed. We know that Nth metal can be exceedingly dangerous so we will not rush this. We have already analysed the fragment down to the fermionic level. Regrettably, the structures we have observed do not explain its physical properties. And we are also unsure how pure this sample is.

We remember an issue of Swamp Thing where, pressed with the need to find a solution to a highly complex problem and impaired by his own damaged mind, Swamp Thing is inspired by Abigail to create a vast plant matter based computer to improve his intellect. In a similar way neither Orange Lantern nor the Ophidian would be intellectually capable of handling this problem alone. Together, we can harness our desires to create a mental augmentation construct which allows us to cope with the sheer mental load of our task. We suppose.. we could even leave it active full time... No, A distraction. Manifested around the edge of the hangar pool, Snake face and Human face stare at the fragment from opposite sides. Nothing is beyond us. Kon will fly today.

While we shift our observations deeper into the metal and our expanded mental abilities attempt to recognise patterns amongst waves and particles no Human has ever previously detected, we decide that the best approach is to unfocus our mind and allow recognition to come. We idly extend a strand of our awareness back into the room where Canary sits with Kon while we remove a small piece of lead from subspace and begin altering it in an attempt to match what we have observed.

Kon is sitting in the seat we previously occupied. What are they talking about?

"...ot working!"

"Conner, Mattias told us it would take time. You can't expect something that powerful-."

"You're supposed to be good at this! If it happened to one of us, he'd have ten different plans for how to get rid of it by now!"

"It's not that simple. No one on Earth has ever encountered anything like this snake creature before."

Wrong. Even now we can feel the blinding white light of the Life Entity. It doesn't appear to exist in a physical location but rather is partitioned from the corporeal world in some sort of mystical demiplane. Strangely, we feel no desire to intrude on its isolation.

"Well.. what are the Guardians doing? Paul said that the Ophidian was imprisoned in the Orange Central Power Battery." We feel a chill. "Couldn't they just stick it back in?"

"According to Lantern Gardner it isn't quite that simple. More importantly, Zatara thinks that forcing it out of Paul would risk causing him a great deal of harm."

"What about magic?"

"All the spells he knows that might help expel the Ophidian assume that the person being possessed will have a soul."

"I thought.. his tattoos..?"

She shakes her head. "As far as Zatara could tell they hadn't been fully effective yet. Conner, everyone's doing the best they can for him. You can't just force your way through every problem. Sometimes you just have to be patient and wait for an opportunity."

Is this why everyone has been so uncomfortable around us? They all think that we're the Ophidian? We can we can we can we'll prove that we're still us! Ah! We see patterns in the boson oscillations! Reformat the lead a litt-. A brilliant flash of green-white plasma as the piece of lead becomes super energetic! Half of it goes down and vaporises an appreciable part of the water below us, spreading scalding steam in all directions. The other half goes up, melting a circular impression into the rocky ceiling.

It wasn't meant to do that. We shake our heads. Try again.

"I'm more worried about how the rest of the team's been holding up." Kon turns his head to the door, but doesn't get up. "You've been spending a lot of time with M'gann..?"

Kon sullens. "She's been taking it hardest. I think she still blames herself for what happened, to Paul and Manhunter."

Nonotrightnotrightnotright. Fundamental energies, magic energies, below the normal structures of matter, entangled with them! We see it! More lead! Alpha radiation spikes but for some reason doesn't travel more than a small distance from the sample, forming a sphere. That.. doesn't make sense... The particles are forming a cloud but what's stopping them..?

"And what do you think?"

"She's wrong! No one could have known that would happen!"

Gravitons gravitons what are the gravitons doing doing doing? The radiation sphere contracts, then spits plumes of particles in three different directions. Whywhywhywhy? We need to be more intelligent! Everything... We would expect everything to slow down. It doesn't. Every single thing we can perceive is now loaded with so much information that we can only stare at it. Patterns with patterns within patterns within within within so much content in even the smallest piece of matter. We are captivated.

"Well, yeah, of course I do." Kon's no longer in the room and Artemis sits in his seat. How much time..? No, doesn't matter. "Y'know he was the first guy to ever give me a flower? S'stupid."

"I wouldn't say that. I didn't realise the two of you were..?"

"We're not. I think he's interested in my sister. It was after we had that.. fight."

"Where he said you could win by-."

"Yeah. Turns out that might actually have worked."

"Yooou didn't-."

"No! After he fixed Mom's spine I met him here and.. kissed him."

Canary looks at her quizzically.

"And then I slapped him. No shield." Black Canary smiles, and Artemis clenches her right fist. "Suppose if he put up a shield now I could just punch it down."

"How have you been coping with that?"

Artemis frowns. "You know how I've been coping."

"Not when you're with Ollie and me. The rest of the time. How do you feel about it?"

"It was that.. that damn snake! Paul made a big deal about not forcing me to have this, and then the Ophidian just goes and does it!"

"So you didn't want it?"

We twist gravity waves, super compressing matter to try and get those damn leptons to behave themselves. The gravitons react far more than we anticipated and water and steam begin streaming in from all directions. We have to raise a barrier around ourselves to keep it off.

"I... I don't know! Wally keeps saying that it's great but I just didn't... It's not me."

We turn the lead into plasma in a controlled fashion and try building tiny Nth metal like structures within it. Waves of gravity fluctuate around us, making patterns in the muck and water.

"It's like there's this alien thing under my skin and if I'm not careful it'll jump out and kill someone. I feel like I'm a bomb, like I'm dangerous to everyone."

"With the loneliness that's eating you alive."

We can see it! Another gravity pulse, but now we know how to avoid them! And the radiation the radiation has to happen, it's part of the process! We understand! We extract a single sliver of newly transmuted pure Nth metal from the focal point and admire it for a moment before the something causes the neutrons to decay and it sucks the heat from the air as it evaporates. No!

Stupid. Stupid!

We must try again! We must get this right!

*Supplementary, Renegade*

23rd October
18:02 GMT -5

I hum tunelessly as I wipe dry the ring of the cake tin. The Christmas Cake itself is cooling on a wire rack on a nearby work surface. While it would be easier to do this with the ring -or just have the ring clean the objects which I used during cooking without recourse to water and soap at all- I've been trying to practise my hand eye coordination without ring assistance. Given how big they are and how insensitive to touch my skin is, it is a reasonable concern of mine. When we were together last night Jade commented-.

"Why?"

I stop humming and smile slightly to myself before lowering the tea towel and tin to stomach height and half turning to where Richard stands in the doorway. "Forty two."

He scowls and struts forwards. "You didn't even bother disguising it."

I return my gaze to my cleaning, gently feeding the metal through the tea towel with my right hand. "Would you feel better if I had? I don't think either of us really believe in divine intervention."

"So tell me why. Why is Uncle Rick suddenly able to get out of his hospital bed for the first time since-?"

"Because I wanted him to." I lift the tin up for a closer look. Seeing neither significant amounts of water nor damage inflicted by my own hands I put it down on the table and drape the tea towel over the back of a chair. "It seemed to me to be the most expedient way to repair our working relationship."

"Since when have you cared about that?"

"You seem to be acting under the misapprehension that I dislike you. The truth of the matter is that I don't care about you personally one way or the other."

"You made me look like an idiot."

"You were being hypocritical and I called you on it. If you looked like an idiot then it was because-."

"Do you have any idea what would happen if my identity became public knowledge?"

"I have a rough idea. Do you think that is likely to happen, now that our team mates are in the loop?"

"The more people who know-."

"Because you don't know our identities. Well?" I make a gesture of appeal with my right arm. "Do you? You certainly know Wallace's, Kaldur doesn't have one, Kon and M'gann have only just started using one but you know it. Artemis?" He glowers. "Mm. And I am unable to communicate mine. Not that I'm really capable of pretending to be someone else." I pick up the power ring from the work surface and slip it back over my left ring finger, immediately feeling relief as external sensation returns to my skin.

"Then why now?"

"I was content to let you have your secrets. We all have secrets we would rather not have our team mates know, it isn't inherently unreasonable." I took a short trip to Mars to acquire a gun for the bioship and was most interested to see what Martians truly look like on this plane. M'gann's been telling porkie pies. "But you demanded that I reveal things I would rather have kept quiet." Artemis was briefly very uncomfortable around me once she realised that I wasn't joking about Jade, but she warmed to me after I healed her mother. I made a point of reassuring her that I wouldn't share what I knew about her parent's criminality with our team mates and now our relationship is better than ever.

"Knowing how to shield ourselves against telepathic attack would be useful for the team. Knowing my name isn't."

"You should have trusted me to make that determination. Chester Black is not a man you just ask for lessons, especially if you are a well known super hero. Mister King is far better placed-."

"Black Canary is supposed to be in charge of training! If you had a problem with what we're being taught, you should have taken it up with her."

"Why? Why should I make myself even more dependant on the League? I don't see any of the Greenies stepping up to teach me how to more effectively use this ring." I hold it up. "Are you telling me that they not aware that we may end up facing telepathic opponents, even after the Bialya mission? They may not have known of Mister Black but Mister King's name was already in the League's database and Mister J'onzz is a League member."

His eyes narrow as he considers. "If you don't think you did anything wrong, why heal Uncle Rick?"

"Did you know that I apologised to M'gann for the force I used to break the link?" He blinks. "She is my team mate. She didn't mean to harm us and I harmed her to disrupt the connection. I am not a.. nice man, but I try to be an honourable one. In your case? I don't believe that I have done anything to you I should need to apologise to you for, but I do want to maintain a productive working relationship and the best way for me to do that was to do something that would return me to your good graces." I turn back to the draining board and pick up the cake tin's base. "How is Mister Grayson adapting?"

"Slowly. The doctor's think it'll be months before he can walk unaided and he might never use a trapeze again."

I reclaim the tea towel. "I would offer to help, but I'm afraid the ring isn't up to repairing Human schematic systems. Perhaps he-."

"Alert. Alien vessel in close proximity."

Richard looks from me to the ring in surprise. "I've been scanning for boom tubes since the Bialya mission. I detected one opening in Metropolis about half an hour ago. When I realised that the visitors were from New Genesis rather than Apokolips I rather disregarded it but they've been heading in this direction-."

"You should have told someone!"

"I did. Batman told me to monitor them but take no action if all they did was sightseeing." I nod at the space between us and a construct of the ridiculous flying car they're travelling in appears. "This particular band are called The Forever People, if I remember correctly." I barely remember them from the comics. I remember that they can summon Prince Drax from his place of exile by saying 'Teru' -or something- at the same time but I don't remember their names, abilities or character.

"Do you know why they're here?"

"Nooooo." I think for a moment. "They could be here for Mister and Misses Free. They could simply be here for tourism. But, given that they are coming in this direction-."

"They're here for the sphere."

"Either that, or I really do look like Darkseid and they're after me. Ring, analyse."

"By your command."

The small one has two pistols -though they are probably far more powerful than their diminutive size would suggest- and the others appear unarmed. No way to know what innate abilities they have, of course. Only one Mother Box. It's in the hands of the brown skinned youth in grey armour. That.. could be very useful. I've been hamstrung by the lack of a database in my ring since I got here. But, Mother Boxes are intelligent. I could assimilate it but so far I've managed to keep knowledge of that ability from my team mates. And.. I am still reluctant to kill simply because it would be convenient.

"Are they dangerous?"

"I don't know enough to make a proper assessment. Yes, probably." I look down at the cake tin base and dry it the easy way before returning all of the cooking implements to their cupboards. "If they are tracking either the sphere or myself in some way they will find this facility in short order. I would suggest, therefore, that it would be best to prepare for a potentially hostile encounter. Ring, location of the sphere." Ah, in the hangar with Mister Tawny. Initially, I wasn't sure that Kon would be able to look after him, but they seem to have bonded well enough.

"Artemis and Wally have gone home for the day. Kaldur, M'gann and Kon are out. How long until they get here?"

"Looks like three minutes. Armour." I have to say, Mister Kord's people did some very nice work. I can even take a punch from Wonder Woman without it caving in my chest.

"They'll never get back in time."

"True." I nod towards the door. "What's say you and I intercept them ourselves?"

"Are you sure this is a good idea?"

Robin and I are standing in the hangar. Lantern Jordan -our current -ugh- 'den mother'- is more than happy for us to greet the oncoming godlings without direct supervision. Presumably he knows about the New Gods from his ring's database and has similar expectations for this meeting to me.

I was a little surprised when he took over from the Moronic Manhunter. I had rather been under the impression that the Greenies weren't on the rotation. Perhaps the Guardians authorised it so that they could keep a loyal pair of eyes on me? No, no, I shouldn't assume that it's all about me. Maybe the fact that Lantern Gardner is back on active duty means that they can spare him to oversee us? Jordan doesn't like the fact that I exist, but he doesn't appear to have a problem with me personally. Or perhaps this version of Jordan simply has much better self control than the ones I am used to?

Robin and I are standing on the flat area between the bioship's platform and the steps up to the kitchen. Mister Tawny was kind enough to herd the sphere into the kitchen and is occupying a concealed position just inside the doors. The Forever People have been circling around the mountain for a minute or so. I would have thought that they could spot the entrances, and they appear to be electing to use the hangar doors.

"What metric are we using to assess it? We can't go out without drawing even more attention to this place, especially if they are hostile. Waiting for them to enter makes sense."

Alert. Foreign presence detected in Mountain computer systems. Do you wish to destroy it utterly?

Hm. Not yet.

The hangar doors.

"And.. here.. they.. come."

The Fantasticar enters front end first and moves halfway over the inner pool before turning to the left and tilting slightly so that everyone on board can have a look at the place. There are five of them, the black lad in grey armour with the Mother Box, a large brutish looking man, a blonde child dressed as some sort of Hollywood science fiction cowboy, a youth in what appear to be dark grey leathers with violet accents and a young woman in a violet tunic with black leggings. None of that rings any bells. They seem more curious than anything else.

Richard takes a step forwards. "Ah, hi."

And immediately the curiosity is replaced by anger. Leather Jacket and Armour half rise from their seats, ready to jump into action. Armour raises the Mother Box.

"Return the New Genesphere and the rest of the technology you have stolen from New Genesis, Human."

New Genesphere? Original.

"Stolen? We haven't-."

"No Robin, do not explain yourself to them." I stride forward, putting myself a little ahead of him. If they have ranged weapons it would be best if they pointed them at me, after all. "Warriors of New Genesis." I make eye contact with the chap in armour whom I now presume to be their leader. "You think that you can break into my home and start making demands? Where is your-?"

Their eyes go wide in shock and fear. Oh come on, I don't look that much like him. They all stand, the Child drawing his guns and Leather raising his right fist. Armour holds out his Mother Box. "I don't know why you are here Grayven, but whatever your plans for this world-"

Grayven? Wasn't that the name of Darkseid's other.. son..? Ohhhh dear.

"-the Forever People will-"

Though if we have to fight, it would be better to win.

"vanquish y-."

Orange beams shoot from my eyes straight towards him, angling right as they reach him and then back, straight at the Mother Box. It glows for a second and then I overcome it's resistance and drop it in my subspace pocket. Oh yes, the look on their faces says it all. Not quite so eager to face someone who appears to command the Omega Effect, are we?

"Now perhaps you will conduct yourself with greater civility. What-?"

The Fantasticar drops down and swings around to drive straight for us. Richard fires his grapple at the ceiling and pulls himself out of the way as I brace myself. Armour construct, MindShield and fortify. Orange light surrounds me. Just before the Fantasticar hits me I use the ring to slide aside and swing my right fist up and then down onto the left side of its bonnet. Whatever technologies enable it to fly appear not to completely negate normal physics as it upends and spins away from me, throwing the Forever People out across the cement before coming to rest on its top against the concrete steps.

"Hey, Oh El, think you might be coming on a bit strong. And who's Grayven?"

I watch as the Forever People pick themselves up. The Child is fastest to right himself and opens fire immediately, glowing blue bolts hitting me dead in the chest. They're more powerful than anything Earth made, but they aren't going to do much to my construct armour. Just in case... The Orange Effect flashes out again, each eye beam striking a different pistol and subspacing them.

"Hey!" Ugh, he even sounds like a cowboy.

"Attacking me is unwise, child. Now-."

A lightning blast from Leather's outstretched hands hits me in the head. That appears to be a natural ability. Irrit- A metal girder smashes through the concrete beneath me and wraps itself around my legs as the Brute charges me. Huh?

"Aaaaaaghhhh!"

I push the metal away and step forwards to meet him. He goes for a shoulder barge. I sidestep to his left, my left leg in his direction of travel and my arms reaching out to grapple. Training with Wonder Woman has been immensely useful in learning to use my unusual strength in close combat, though my altered morphology means that I can't directly apply everything she could teach a more conventionally proportioned student like Donna or Kon. He responds by halting and swinging his right fist around. By grappling I'm forced to remain in place-

"Douh!"

-and the strength of the blow shows that he has genuine super strength, not the discount augmented muscles and bulk version I possess. But I have better leverage. I put pressure on his left side while pushing him forwards and he trips as he tries to stabilise himself. I release him from the grapple as he goes down, take hold of his leg -he weighs only what a normal man of his proportions would- and throw him back at his companions.

He pushes himself up with a grunt. Armour has his eyes fixed on me. "It is time."

The Girl seems more worried. "Without Mother Box? Can we-?"

"What choice do we have?"

The male members of the group raise their left arms up, fists clenched. She raises her right. I have no desire to fight 'Uncle' Drax.

Ring, Quietus.

By your command.

"Ta-." / "Ta-." / "Ta-." / "Ta-." / "Ta-."

And sound cuts out completely. Girl and Leather clasp their throats with their free hands. I smile and clap slowly and silently.

Ring, transmit my speech alone.

By your command.

"What a truly idiotic method of attack. You should have started with the summoning, preferably out of line of sight."

Armour tries to respond. He's speaking and gesturing in a fairly aggressive way but is unable to make any sound.

"You have been outfought and are outgunned. Yield."

Alert. Telepathic attack detected.

I feel the pressure on my shield. It's actually weaker than what Doctor Jones tried to use.

"Weak. Why can you not accept-?"

Richard drops down in front of me and points to his earpiece. Fine, authorised.

"Oh El, that's enough."

"Robin, with all due respect, butt out. You do not know these people. I do. I will ascertain why they are here-"

"By beating them up?"

"-Batman style." He looks away for a moment. "I will not cause lasting harm, but whatever their intent we cannot allow them to simply do as they please anymore than we would any other group of unregistered vigilantes."

His eyes narrow, but I get the nod I was looking for. I walk past him as the Forever People start to back away. Mister Tawny finishes repositioning himself at the top of the steps, ready to leap down on them. Ring, permit sound. If they try to teru, Quietus again.

By your command.

"I asked you to explain yourselves and you attacked me. I am also going to assume that you have not sought permission from this world's authorities to be here."

Armour takes another look at me, his eyes widening. "That sign on your chest. It is the sign of the Beast of Okaara!"

Mister Tawny makes his displeasure at Armour's raised voice known with a low growl and they start edging away from his direction as well. Ah, they know of Larfleeze! Having confirmation that he even exists is more than a little useful. "I, am-."

"You are Grayven, son of the ruler of Apokolips and sworn enemy of the gods of New Genesis!"

"It's so nice to be recognised. Why.. are you here?"

"We are here to recover the technology you stole from our homeworld!"

"And here I thought I was being subtle." I shake my head. "I haven't stolen anything from you. I was actively trying to avoid you. What led you to me?"

"Mother Box -whom you so casually destroyed- detected the New Genesphere in this mountain."

"What is your name?"

"I will not-."

"I refuse to keep thinking of you as 'Armour Lad'. What are you called?" I add a little orange eye glow to emphasise the point.

"I am Vykin, leader of the Forever People."

"Then let me ask you, Vykin. What other New God technology have you detected in this mountain?"

"We.. did not detect any."

"And did that not give you pause? A single piece, when you were looking for.. how much?"

"That you have shared it with your followers-."

"Oh, now you're just trying to excuse your failings as an investigator. As it happens, I recovered the.. 'New Genesphere'? From a camp in the desert far to the east of here. Some of the locals were experimenting on it. It mistook me for Darkseid." They wince at the name. "Really? Even his name hurts you?" That was unexpected. "Fine." I wave my right hand. "Call him Uxas, it was his name before his ascension. I know that the Genesphere was sent there by boom tube, but beyond that? It was not my affair."

"We detected other pieces on this continent."

"Well then, perhaps it would behove us to hunt them-."

"We will do nothing with you. You are keeping her prisoner here, and you killed Mother Box!"

"What, this?" I bring Mother Box out of subspace and into my right hand, showing it to them. It beeps at them but I swiftly silence it. "I do not destroy things that can be useful to me. If another New God is trying to turn my new home into their playground then they are very much my concern." I feed orange filaments through the ground underneath them just in case. "I suggest that we cooperate. I will assist you in recovering the stolen New God technology, minus a few trophies for myself. Then you will leave."

The Brute clenches his fists. "We're not leaving without the Genesphere!"

"Should that not be.. her? Choice?"

Violet girl scowls. "Why would she want to stay with you?"

"Does it matter? If it is her choice freely made, should you not respect it?" Ring, internal communications. Message: Would the Sphere please report to the hangar. Make sure that the doors work for her.

By your command.

The Forever People look at each other. Weren't they supposed to have some sort of thought synchronicity thing going on? Wasn't that how they summoned Drax from wherever he came from? I don't really know New God body language but they seem agreeable. Vykin turns back to me.

"How can we trust you?"

"I swear by my love of the Source that I will not betray you."

"You have no love for the Source!"

"The Anti-Life, then." He looks unconvinced. "Fine. What oath could I give that you would believe?"

"None." He stares at me for a moment. "You will return Mother Box and Serifan's guns as a precondition to any cooperation."

I nod. "Acceptable." The Orange Effect flicks out from my eyes and strikes Serifan's holsters, releasing his guns from subspace. He immediately draws them and checks them over, smiling slightly when he sees that they are undamaged. I take a few paces forwards and hold out the Mother Box. Vykin hesitates for a moment, then strides over to me and takes it from my unresisting hand. I remove the silencing effect as he holds it up to his ear and some of the stress leaves him as it warbles at him. A warble that after a moment is matched by one approaching rapidly from the kitchen. We look around as the sphere accelerates over the top of the steps and flies across the room. It.. she spins for a moment to counter her own momentum before rolling rapidly over to me and warbling in a manner with which I have become all too familiar.

"No, I-"

Warble.

"A few bruises, they're basically fi-."

Warble chime.

"Yes, certainly, but why-?"

Beep beep warble.

"Because it amuses me and harms no one. Now, would you-?"

She rotates to face Vykin, a brief two way warblefest with the Mother Box commencing. Vykin looks at me with puzzlement.

"You have.. bonded, with the New Genesphere?"

"She is not the greatest conversationalist, but I have found it pleasant to have a confidant to bounce ideas off." As the second most advanced technology I've had access to I've made a point of spending time with the sphere. I now understand her better than anyone else on the team or in the League, though that understanding has thus far been of little practical use. She hasn't wanted to share technical specifications and insists on badgering me when she judges my behaviour to be 'inappropriate'. If the others actually understood her I might be in a great deal of trouble. "Now, what is our first target?"

"Mother Box detected the Rescue Drill in the metropolis where we first came to this world."

"Then that is our destination. Robin, would you-."

The sphere revs for a moment, and then unfolds.. into.. some sort of.. giant.. red.. motor trike..?

What?

...

What?

"What are your names, anyway?"

We're flying in the direction of the metropolis they mentioned, which amusingly enough appears to actually be Metropolis. I'm not sure that joke would translate into whatever language they are actually speaking. I've formed orange replicas of aero-discs under my feet to disguise my use of the ring. I'm on the Fantasticar's left and while Richard and Mister Tawny fly on the sph... The Genesphere on its right, Richard at controls to the rear and Mister Tawny taking the front seat. I may have to revise upwards my estimations of his intelligence.

And Mister Tawny's, too.

The Girl scowls at me. "Why do you care?"

I smile at her. "So that I know what to put on the urn when I return your charred remains to Highfather Izaya."

Richard's been following my lead as I asked, but I can't help find his new approach a little suspicious. I wonder what he's thinking? Mister Tawny has taken to flying surprisingly well, though I note that he isn't looking towards the ground.

The Brute grimaces. "You will not be sending our remains anywhere, Grayven!"

"I beg to differ. When we fought you lightly bruised my face and your team mates could not even do that. In combat I expect more from Robin and Mister Tawny than I do from the lot of you. If that was truly the best you could manage I weep for the once mighty legions of New Genesis. Even Canis Major must have grown bored collecting your skulls by now."

"Canis Major was slain last year by his own son."

I look into Leather Jacket's electric blue eyes with astonishment. "You can talk!" He scowls, and I wave my right hand. "I'm sure it was very artistic. I wonder if Canis Minor will try to put what's left of him in a gallery?"

"How can you be so callous?"

I shift my eyes back to her, feigning complete indifference. "Practice. On Apokolips, any affection is vulnerability, a lever another could manipulate to harm you. It teaches you to be callous, cold and calculating, and rewards most of all those who learn those lessons best. I proved an apt pupil." A memory stirs. "Wait... I've think I've heard of you." I point with my right index finger. "Beautiful Dreamer, yes?"

She blinks. "Dreamer. Just Dreamer."

"Then the men of New Genesis are blind as well as stupid." Disgust covers her face. "Ha! Ha! Ha! Oh, come on. I will keep needling you until you tell me."

Leather Jacket stills his features. "I am called Moonrider."

"Was that so hard?" I nod at the brute. "And who's the bear?"

The Brute looks thoughtful. "I am named for an animal that does not exist on this world. Bear..." He thinks some more. Oh goodness, is he actually going to..? He nods. "Bear is an acceptable substitute."

"If you have the time once we have finished recovering the misappropriated technology, you really must make time to visit the city of San Francisco. I'm sure that you'll be very popular there."

"Don't pretend to be nice. What are you doing on this planet?"

"Before you got here? I was baking a cake."

He narrows his eyes. "I'm sure it was an evil cake."

"It was for a local religious event which commemorates the birth of a man whose sole purpose in life was to suffer and eventually die in incredible agony as a ritual sacrifice to stave off their god's wrath. The religion's practitioners wear a symbol of the mechanism used to execute him around their neck."

The Forever People stare at me. On the other side of the Fantasticar Richard squints at me with his right eye through his helmet visor and tilts his head slightly to the side.

Bear is repulsed. "That sounds like an evil cake to me."

"To a man forced to live such a life, I think a cake is the least he is owed. But surely such things do not offend you so? After all, Serifan there patterns his whole character after a people defined by the genocide they committed against that region's former inhabitants."

"You take that back!"

"Pick up a history book while you're here, you ignorant child. You'll find it illuminating."

Richard waves at me with his right hand. "Ah, Grayven? Can I speak to you for a moment?"

"Of course." I lower my speed a little to fall behind the Fantasticar and then accelerate up on the Genesphere's right side, falling slightly to put my head level with Richard's.

"What are you doing?"

Ring, sound filter

By your command.

A pale orange sphere surrounds us, blocking sound and making lip reading difficult. I doubt we'd have to worry about that from aliens unfamiliar with Earth, but there's no harm in being certain.

"Could you be a little more spe-?"

"You're acting like an insane supervillain! Who's Grayven?"

"Grayven is one of the sons of Darkseid, ruler of the planet Apokolips. From the way that our guests have been carrying on I assume that I look like him. The.. banter is simply my way of encouraging them in their misapprehension."

"Why are you pretending that anyway?"

"New God technology is millennia in advance of anything the Earth has. If we can secure even a small part of this cache, the advantage we could gain-."

"You're lying to them so you can steal from them?"

"If they give it to me voluntarily it isn't theft, is it? Besides, they attacked me, and we only have their word of it that the stuff is even theirs."

The Genesphere warbles at me.

"Well I'm sure that's true, but we haven't seen the rest of the allegedly stolen materials yet. They might just as well have come from Apokolips, and according to League practise should therefore be delivered to STAR Labs."

"What was that.. antilife thing?"

"Ah, that's a bit of a complicated one. Essentially, it's a sort of arcane mathematical proof that life is worthless and meaningless. It can be used to suppress free will on a universal scale. As I understand it, Darkseid possesses a part of it -enough for truly frightening feats of arcane mind control- but not enough to totally dominate everything."

"Who or what is Darkseid?"

"Formerly Prince Uxas of Apokolips, he was able to join himself to something called the Omega Force. In doing so he became Darkseid. He's ruthless, intelligent, physically easily as powerful as Kal-El and is able to project a beam-" I raise my right middle and index fingers to my eyes. "-from his eyes which can do just about anything to anything that it hits."

"That was why you fired the beam from your eyes."

"Just so. In any case, if someone is using New God technology on Earth, we need to know about it."

He nods, reluctantly. "Why do they call themselves New Gods?"

"As I understand it, because they believe themselves to be divine. I'm afraid I don't understand the precise metaphysics. They may look humanoid but rest assured that there is far more going on with them than that."

"Hm. Stealing technology from gods, Oh El? Careful you don't get your liver pecked out."

"Oh no, Richard. I'll be doing the pecking."

*Part 12*
Not important!
Not important!

Working working working it's working! Our Nth metal rings are remaining stable without our continual intervention! We can even decorate them with the 'S' sign! Plasma suspension, that was the key! Granted, no one from the outside can see what we've achieved. Though things go back to normal once the Nth metal stabilises during fabrication things get a little strange. The additional gravity is nothing that we cannot cope with but before we lost sight of the ceiling we noticed cracks beginning to appear.

But it doesn't matter! We can put it all back once the armour is complete! We focus, and lead turns to plasma and we force force force it into the tiny metal rings and wires and plates. We can't use other materierials can't risk weaker material. Chain for joints, interlocking plates for for for larger less flexible areas. Grey 'S' on the chest, yes! Yes! Let it cool let it stabilise.

Did something..? It's getting harder to hear the outside with our Human body. What's going on?

"...indecision. The only result was that everyone who had survived to that point died alongside me. I am not fit for command."

No no no no no no need to do something for Kaldur. Tula rejecting him made him sad maybe we can find him someone else? Or clone her? We can already tell the position and direction of every everything every part in her mind.

"Who do you recommend to take your place?"

"Were it not for his current difficulties I would already have nominated Orange Lantern as my replacement." We see Black Canary dip her head slightly. "Since.. he is.. unavailable..."

We're not unavailable but we don't need to be available! He couldn't have known what we know!

"Artemis is too raw and untrusting. The only one of us she really opened up to was..."

He trails off. Artemis gets on all right with everyone, doesn't she? Did we did Orange Lantern miss that? Maybe we need more normal social activities as a group? We can still fix that. Compared to duplicating Tula that's easy!

"Kid Flash is too rash and impulsive. Miss Martian... She lacks the necessary detachment to make good judgement calls in the field. She.. has taken what has happened to Orange Lantern even harder than the rest of us."

But we'll fix it!

"Superboy carries too much anger, though he is better when.. Wonder Woman..."

We know, but that wasn't hard. She's very nice. Someone would have taken him on by now even if we hadn't said anything. Probably her.

"Making Robin the logical choice."

No bad. Finish armour, fix everyone else. It's good that they're talking to Canary, we'd never have been able to get this out of them. Now we know everything that's wrong and we can fix it. Yes, now the leg pieces. Clasped solid segments and chain and we need to make sure it will all work in tune with his organelles.

"But he is so young."

"Kaldur, you're all young."

No we're not. We're capable and we're going to prove it. We focus and begin linking the Nth metal to Kon's biological force field. With that in place his natural shield will extend through the armour, adding its resilience to the metal. No more getting made naked by lava. Wait. Did we just hear a crack? Our view of Black Canary and Kaldur appears to shake. Why is that..? We force the material around our shield away for a moment to watch a large chunk of rock fall from the roof. It doesn't hit the ground but rather falls in an arc with our shield at the bottom. We see and feel other cracks appearing, though our reinforcements are holding.

Is that..? Why is that alarm going off? We see Kaldur and Black Canary get to their feet. Kaldur looks confused.

"Black Canary, what is happening?"

Black Canary ignores him and raises her right hand to her earpiece.

"He..? Alright. Hal, do it." She looks at Kaldur. "Kaldur, we're evacuating. Head to the surface. Don't use the elevators or the zeta tubes."

He starts walking and she follows immediately after. "Please, tell me what has happened. Orange Lantern has done nothing to indicate-."

"As far as we can tell, he's creating a quantum singularity in the hangar and it's threatening to cause the entire mountain to collapse."

It is? We knew the stress was... Oh. Did we get carried away? We look around as we force the water to separate from the dust and rock. Perhaps we did. Perhaps. But we can fix it! The gravitational effects of the metal fall off as the newly transmuted metal completes the stabilisation process and we let the water fall to the floor.

"An' the Guardians think this'll work?"

Guy? Guy is... Guy is in my room. We frown. That's a bit rude.

"They said it might. At this stage I think that's really the best we can hope for."

We push the detritus back to the ceiling and fuse it in place, strengthening the roof to a level of resilience far above what it had before we started. Why are Jordan and Guy and Stewart and.. Alan? Alan's here? Yay!

"Still can't believe you had the balls t'stand up to 'em like that."

And he's looking younger. Did they let him recharge with their lanterns? We feel.. green will.. and something else. As we drift over to the landing platform we try to identify what it is. A.. crystal? It's violet. Violet is.. love? Love. We remember... something..? Ahhhh! We don't like this feeling don't like it!

We land hard on the launch pad as we see Alan recover our lantern from its subspace pocket. We feel that's a little intrusive, but we can't really hold it against him. He holds it out to Jordan and Jordan pushes the crystal OWOWOW! Kon's new armour falls to the floor next to us and our snake body disappears and and and-

"John, what's happening?"

"He's down... No, he's getting up again."

We struggle to our feet. They're... They're attacking us? Through our lantern. Why? Why would they..? We stagger towards the lift. We'll find out we'll find out we'll-

"Activating internal defences."

What? What? Paralysis field generators emerge from their recesses and our Human body is momentarily locked in place.

"Eh. Guess we shoulda let him have plasma cannons after all. So, plan 'B'?"

We roll onto our side, shaking. We don't understand. We don't we don't-

No evil shall-"

"In brightest day, in blackest night,
Our Human body isn't working.
"-wherever the cause should make me roam,
always I vow to fight the good-"
We remove it, switching to our snake body. Much better.
"-alone I set my mind in motion."
We swim through concrete, metal and rock in the direction of our room.
"For the dark things cannot stand the light-"

We come out in the corridor. We try changing back to our Human body-

"Nerd."

"You recognised it, jackass."

"Focus, gentlemen, please."

-but the internal defences I